>Human| chr7:9066672-9068171 | element 100000 | negative
ATATAAAAGCACACAATCTTCAAGGAAAGATTTTTAAAATGCAAATACCCCACAGCAGTGGATCATGCAAAAAATGGACTACTCTGCAATGTTTGAATCCTTCTGCAAAGCAAAGCAGATTTCAGCCTGTGGGCTTTGATTTTTACCCTTCAACCATAGAACCCAGTCTACAATTACTTGTTACATGTGATATCTAGTTTCCAGTCACTAGTTAGGGATGGAAGTGATCAAAAAGAGAAATAATGCACATGGAGAAAAGAAGAGAGTTCAGGACAAAGAATCACCAGCATTTTGATGTTTAATAAAGGAGGAGATAGAAAAGGAAATGGACAAAAGGgtgaatatgacagtttgttaataaggtgaaagtgagcagctgtcaaatgctgatgaaagatcaaattgtaccaggattgaaatacatatattgaatggtaaaatgcacagaagtgttgacaacatcagagtggttaggtggtaggtagtaggaactaggaactgatttggaagtgaagcctgaaaaatagttacggaagtaaaggcacccggttaggcgaatttaattcacgaaatttgactagacaagttgatagagaaaagactggaaaaacgacagagggtttaaagagggtattttgttttgctaaatgttattgggaaaggcaagaccacatttaaataaggatagaaaacattttcatatgaagagaaagattgaagaacgagcaaagaaagtctataagacacttcagtcaacacatctttaagaaaatttataaggctttttgctttgcagtggaacaagattcctgaaaagatgggaaaaaaaacttaccacacattagaaaaagttagtgagaaatggaggaaaactcttaaaaagacagaagaagattggtgtcggagttaaggaagaaaccaactgatgactttaatttctctgaactatgacatggacacagtgtattaacacagaaggagtgtgaaggagagcttgaaggtttgaggagagaagcaaacatcttagatggttgatgaaaaactatgaaagcacatgatttctagaacaaggcggcctggcagctttgaggtttcatatgtgaatttgtttgtggttggtggtcatgaattgattgtgaaaacaatctgtccagttgtggttcttctgaccaacattgcattcggaagtgtgagacggagctgtgggagcagaacgcaagtgtcagaggattaaggggtctgtaagacagtagcagttctgatggaccaggaaatgcacagtgaataggaaggacataaagccaggaggaggctgCATGATTCATAACTGGAGACCAAAATAAATTTAAGACCTTCTATGAATTTCAACATTTTTTTGTGTAAAGGATGGGAAGCTGCAGTCAGAGAGGGATAGGAGACTTGTTGATTTCAGGAGTGGAGCTGAGTAATATGTGCACTGTACTTTATTCAAAGTTGTCACAAGAATATCGTTAAAGATGA
>Human| chr10:64242830-64244329 | element 100001 | negative
TGGAAAACCTGTACCTGTTACAATAGGAACCTTCCAAAGAAAGGAAATCATTAGAAGTCATTCAAATTTTTATCTACAAGGTCAAGCAGTAAATAAGAAATTTGACTTTTTTCCTAGAAAACTCGATATCAGAAGCTATGGGCATATATTTCCCCTATTTATTGCTTTCCTTGTTAGTAAGACTTGGGTACAGGAATCTGACTACGGGAAAGGGTCTTATATTCCAGGCTCCTTTCTTTGCTGTTATTTTGGTGGTTTCCTCTGTTATTTATAATCTCCACCAAAAGTTAAATAAAAGAAGAAAGATTAATCAGGCAGGTTTTATTTTatttcttctatcaacaagcaactattttccaagtctcttactatgcactgaatattgttctaagctctgtaggagataaatattccttgtcttcatggagctttctcagtccagctagagaaacaaaACTCACTTATTTGAAAAAATGGAAACCAATTGTGGACTAGACTTTGTGGTCTAGTTAATATGAGATCAGAGATGAAAAGAATCACAGTGCACTACATTCTCCAGGCAACAGATTGAAAGAAGGAAAAGAAAGAGGAAATAACTAAGTTCTAGGAGTATCCTATTCCATTTCTGAAAATGTGATCATTCAATTAAGTTTCTGGGGCAAGTTttatcctcattttatctgtgtaaaaaccaagacacagaaagaacctagccatatttctttacctctctacagtcatatagcaattaggtgttgaagttgaattttattccaagaccagttgatgtcagggttcTTTCCCATAGATAATACTGACGTACCAATGGGTCTTGAGCCAGGTCTTGCCAGATGATATACAGGTATAGAGGAAGACCTGGATACAGGAAGAAGCAAACCCTTCAAGAAGCTCTGGGCATTTGAAGGCCAATGAGGGGTCTAATGAGATCAAAGTGGGCTGGGGATAGTGGGAGACAATATTTTCCTTTAAATTAACTGTATTCTTTGGCATTTTTTTTTCAGTAGAATGATTGATATTGAGTGAATAATGTTTAAGCTAAGCAATAAAAAATAAGTTTGGAACTCTAATGATTTTTATGATAAAGATCTAAAATATAGTTATCTTCTTTCTATACTGTATTTGTGTACAGGAAaaataaatacatttctattgctactcaacttggagcatacagtactatgcagcatagctcaagtgagtagtttatttgcatactgtattagtctgttctcatgctgctaataaagacataactgagacttggtaacttacaaaggaaagaggtgtaattgactcacagttccacatggttggggaggcttcacaatcatgacagaaggcaaaggaggagcaaagtcgcatcttatatggcggcaggcaagagagcatgtgcaggggaactcccctttataaaaccatcagatctcatgagacttattcagtatcaggagaacagcatgggaaaaacccacccccatg
>Human| chr3:102008119-102009618 | element 100002 | negative
ttagatttctcttcttctttgggaacaccatttattgttaggtttggatgtttaacatagtcctaaactttttggaagcttggtttattttttaaaattctttttctctttgtctatgatggattgggttaattcaacagccttgccttcaagctctaaggtcttttcttcctcttgtttaattctattgctgagacattccagtgcattttgcatttctctaagtgtgtccttgatttccagaaattgtgattgctttttgtttatgctatttatttcactgaagaattttcctttcatatcctgtatcgtgtttttgatttctttaagttggatttcacctttctctggtacctcctgattagcttaataattgacttctgaattctttttctggcaattcagagattttgtcttggtttggatccattaccagtgagctggtatgatcttttgaagggactaaagcaactttttttgtcatattaccagaattgttttactggttccttcacagctgggtagactatgtcagagggaaggtatgggattcaagcactgctgttcagatttttttgtcccatggggtgctccattgatgtggtgttttcccccttctcctaggaatggggcttcctgagagccaaactgtatagattgcttttggtcttctgaattgagccacccagaagagctagtgggctctgggctggtagtggggagtgtctgcagagtcctgtgatgtgattcatcttcaggtcttgcatctgtggatgccagcacttgctccagtggaggtagcaggggagtgaagttgactctgtgagggcccttgtttgtatttttgtttagcacactggttttgtgttctttggcctccagcaaggtggtggcactttcaagagtgcatcggcttcagtcctacagggaggaggaagcaaactcaccctagggacacctgggtaagtattcaggtttctcaggcagtgggcagggccatagacctcccaagagattatgaactttgtttttagctaccaggacagatagagaaagaccaccaggtgggggcagggataggcatttctgagctcagccttagcttgggcagggcttgctgcagctgctgttggggttgggggtgtggttcccagtccaatggaattatattcccagagggatttatggctgcatctgctgggtcatacaggtcaccatggaaatgggggaaagctggcagtcacaggcctcatcccattcccacacagcctgcagtccttaaggctggtctcactcctctcatcttccccaacagtaccaattctatttccaggaagctggtgaccagggctgagagcttgccccagaccacgagcctccccattgtgaaagcaagcagactcccagttttccagcatctcagggagctgcagcagtgatccagtttctttaaagggtttgtggattctctcggcactcctggtatgttcctgcaatagt
>Human| chr15:96735911-96737410 | element 100003 | negative
aagagcactttgtatattctttatacaagtctcttcttagatatatgatttgaaaatattctgtcatgttcagtggattgtgtttttacttttttttttttttttcgaactaggttctcactctgtcacccaggctgaaatgcatggtgtgatcacagctcactgcagcctcaggtgatcctccaacctcagcataccaggtaactgggacaacaggcgcacaccaccatgcccagttaattttttgtatttttttgcagagagggcgtttcgccatgttgcccatggtctccaactcctgggctcaagcaatcagcctgcctcagcctacctaagtgttgggattacaggcataaaccacatgccaatctgtttttaccttttggtggtgttctgaagcacagcagctttttttgttatgcttaataaagtcaaattaggccaggcgcagtggctcattcctgtaatcctagcattttgtgaggcagaggtggccagatcacttcaggccaggagtttgaaactagcctgagcaacaaagtgagacttcacctctacaaaataaaataaaataattagccaggactggtggcacacctgtggtcccagctaatgaagaggctgaggtgggaggattacttgagcccaggaggttgaggctgcagtgagctataatcgtgccactgcagtccagtctggttgacagagtaagaccctgtctcaaaaaaaaaattaaaaataaaaataaagtcaaatatacctattttttttctattgttgcttttgcttttagtgccatctaggaaaccattgcctaattcagttttacagttttggcacttacctttaggtctatgatccattttgaggtaattcttggatatgatgcgggatagagtatctaaatttactcttacaagtggatttccaattgttctggcatcattttgggggattattctttcctccattgacttgccaccctagtcaaaaattaactcacggaacatgtaagggttatttctgaatcttccattttgttccattgatctaaatatctacccttatgccagaaccacactatcttaattactgtacctaaattttcaagttgagaaatgttagtcccctaattttgttctttttcaaggtttcttgttttgtatattctggatcccttgcatttctatttaaattttaggaccaactagtagtttaatgcagagcggggaagcaactaagattttgaaagggaatgtcttgaatctgtggatcacttgggggagtattgccatctgaacaatatcaagtcttccaaatcattaacatgggatgttttgccaattatttaggtcttttaaaatttctttcaataatattgggcagttgttagtgtaaacattttgcacttctttgttaaatttattcataaatattttattctttttgatactgttaaaatagaattgttgtcttaattccattttcaacttgttcatt
>Human| chr19:36429057-36430556 | element 100004 | negative
TCCTCTCTAGCTTCCTCTGGCCACCTTTCCCTTTCTCTGGCCATCTCTCCCACTGCTCTTGCCCTCCTCCCACCCCTGACCCTAACTCCCAGTCTGCAACTGTCTGACCATCTCTGGCCACCTCTCCTCTCTCTCTCACTCACTGATGCCCTCTGATCATCTCTGGCCACCTCTTCTCTCTCTCTCACTCATTGATGCCCTCTTGATCATCTCTGGCCACCTCTTCTCTCTTTCTCACTCACTGATGCCCTCTTGATCATCTCTGCCCACCTCTTTTCTCTCGCTCGCTGATGCCCTCTGATCATCTCTGGCCACCTCTTCTCTCTCTCTCACTCACTGATGCCCTCTGATAATCTCTGGCCACCTCTCCTCTCTCACTTGCTGATGCCCTCTGATCATCTCGAACATCTCTGCTGCCTTTCCTCTCTCCGATGACCTCTCCCCGCACCATCCTCCTGAGCAGCTGTCCTGGGCTCCCACTGACTCTGCCATGTCTGTCCTTTTCCTCCTCTCTGACCACCTTGCTGGCTTTGGGCCGTTTCTGACCACGTGTCTCTGACATGGTCATCTCCCCCAGATCTGAGCCCAACCCATGCCCTCCCTTCTCTTTGTCCACTGCTCATCTTCCTGACCATCTGTAACCCCTTCTCTTCTCTGGTCATATCTGACCACTTCTGATCATTGTTGCCACCCTGGCTGCCCCGTCTCCCCATGGCCAGCTTTTACCATCTCTGACCACGTCTAAAGCCCTCTGGTTTTCCTGCCACTCACCCAGACCAGCTGTCATTTCTCTGACCAtttctttacttttttcttttggagagacagagtcacgctctgttgcccaggctggagtgtggtggcgcaatcatagctcactgcagcctcaaattcttgggctcaaattgatcctcccacctcagtgtcccatgtagctaggaccacaggtgggcgccaccatgcctagctaatttttaaaaatttttgtataatagatacacggtctcactttgttgcccaggctggtcttgaactcctggcctcaagccatcctcctgcctcagcctccccaaatgctgggattacatgtgtgagccaccgcgcctggccTTCCTCTGGCTTTTGGTCACATCTGACGGTCTTTGACCAGCCCTTCTGCCCTCAGCCCACTGTGACCTTCTCTCCTGGTCTCAGACCACCCCCAGCCCCTGCAGAACCCCTCTTCTGCCCTCACGCCTCCCCTCTTCTCCGCAGGACACCCCTGCCCGCGATGGCCATCCTCCCGTTGCTCCTGTGCCTGCTGCCGCTGGCCCCTGCCTCATCCCCACCCCAGTCAGCCACACCCAGCCCATGTCCCCGCCGCTGCCGCTGCCAGACACAGTCGCTGCCCCTAAGCGTGCTGTGCCCAGGGGCAGGCCTCCTGTTCGTGCCACCCTCGCTGGACCGCCGGGCAGCCGAGCTGCGGCTGGCAGACAACTTCATCGCCTCCGTGCGCCGCCG
>Human| chr1:75450402-75451901 | element 100005 | negative
caaacccatcttgcccaaaactgaacttattttctctctaaatacgcactttctgtatctcaaacaacagtgaatgccacccctaactgttcaattgtcccaaacaaaattccaaattacaaacaaaaccctatatcccttcttagcaattccttccccacctctccatatcacattcctctctatcattgccccaggtgtatttaggcactaggtccagtcccatggattcaatctcataaatatatacttcaaatacattctttcctcaccattcctactgccactgcctctgccttactccaagccctcagtattttgctgtttgataacaacctcctacctggtctgcttgcctgttatctttatcttctccaattcattcCTTACCCCACTTCCATCAGATGGATTTTAGCTTGGCAGGAGACAAAAAGTATTCTTTTCTCTTCCAACAAGTATTCTTCATGGTAAAATAGGATAAATTCGAAGTGGTTATTTCCTGAAAGAGAAAGAAGAAAGAGaaagaagagaactaaattcaacatcttgtttcacagatatagtttaaggatatgtacaagaaaagatggggttccatgaactgcattagtacagtagaagcagaaactttgagccagaAAGGCCTAGGAAATCCAACAACCCTTCTCTTCCCTACTTTTCCGCCAAATTCCCAGAGAGATAGGGAAGGACACAGGACTACAATTACTGTGTTTTGAAACTCAAGCAAATTTCATTCAAATTTCAGATGTCCTCCTACCTCTCTGATTGCTGAGCTACAAACCAAATCTGGTTTCATTTGTCTACATAAAATTTTTCAATGATTTTCCGTCACCATCAGGAAAGATGTCTTAGATTAACCCTATGATTCAGCTGCAGCAAACCACCCTGCAAACCTAGACCACtgctatgatctgaatatttgtgtccccccagaatttatatgttgaaacttaatcccaatgtcatagtatttggaggtaggatctttgggaggtgattaggtcatgaggacagagcattcatgaatgagatttgtgccctcataaaatagatcccagagagctagttgtccccttccaccatgagaggacacaatgagaaggcaccattctctgcaggaagtgggccctcactagacaccaaatctgctggtactttggtcttgaacttcctagcctccagaactgtgagaaataaagttccattatttataagccacccggtctatgacattttgttatagcagccagaaaagactaaaacaACTACACTACTCCAGTCACACTACCtcatgcttccatgcctttttatgtgctgttgcccctggctggcataccattttgttctaccttttcttccctactgataagttctatttttcctagagatgaagttcaaagcttctcttgacctataaagtctaaatgcccttcaactggattgcaatattactctaggtaaacttctatcaaagcattC
>Human| chr7:136049105-136050604 | element 100006 | negative
CATTCAATAAATCACGCTGAGACTGTTGACTAATCACTATCAATTATTAGGTGATTATTCAGTGCAAGTTTTTTTCCCATACATAACACACTCTTCAATGACACTTTGAAAGTAATAAATTGAAGTCTTAAACTATAAAAAAGAAAAATATAAACAAATATGTATTAAATCTCTGCATGGGTGTCTTCTATGTTGGAAAGCGATGAAAGAATTTACTGTGACAATGATGGCAGATTTCACTACAATTAAATGTTAACAAGTATGTTGCTCAATATTAAAAGGCTAATTTGTTAGGCACACTAATATTTAAAAATTATTTGCAAACATAGGGGAAGGGTTAAAATGTTTAATATACAGAACTTATACAGACACTCTTGTATGTAACTTATGTTACATACTTTTATAAGACAGACACTTAGGTTATTACACAAAGATTCCAAGTAAGTGGTCaacaaacaatttatagaaatggaaatacaaatggctaaaatgactaaaaacctatcggaaaatattgtctcatgagtaaatattatcaattaacacatcatgaaaatatatttaactatgaacttatctaaatttttaaaaatgtgaataacaatactagcaagaaaaaatactgcttatttcagaaataagcagtataataagcttattatggaaatgtgaattatgcaattctttgaaaagcaattttccagtgtttatcaagaaaccgaaaaaaattactacttttccatctgctgatagaaatttaccttagaaaataagataaaatgctggagagcctcatgtataaacatgtttctagaaacatACAAATATATATGGAAATAGCTTAAATGGGTCAGTAAGGAGATTGTTAAATGAATTGAGATGAATGATTATGGAGACCTTTAAAATGATGTTTGCAAAGAGCACATGTTAGAATTTAAATGAAAAGGAAATGTGTAACAATATAAGTGTATAATTCGACCTCAACTCTGCAAACAAAACACATATACAAGATAGATTAGATGaattattataaaaatattaatGGCAGACCAGTAAGCATCCTGGCTTCAATATGGATTCAATAGCAAAATTGTATTACTAAAATTGTTATTAATATTGATAAAACTTTGATTGGACAATACTTTTTTtttgctatttgttaactaactttggaaaacagctagtcaacctctttcaaccttgggtgctttaactctcgtgtattattaggaacaagaatacctcacttgtaaggtcatatgaaagatagaatgaggtatgaatgtgaaggtatgttatagatggcatgtaaaTTAGCCAGTTTCATTACATAGTTGATACTTATCAAGTATCCTAAGTGCTTCCTTGGTCTAAGGCTGCACTTTATTGGCAAAAAGTCAATCACATCAGTAACTTTATGGCTATCTTTGAGTGATGTTCCTGTATAGTGTACTTGGAAATCCACCAATGGTAGGTTTGTCCATCAAGATCAAACTAAAC
>Human| chr22:33206142-33207641 | element 100007 | negative
GGGCTGCAGTGGAACTAAGAGGTCTTTTTGTTCAGCTGTTAAAAAATTAGTGTTTGTAGCTTCAGAGGGGCCCCAGAGAACCTTTCCTGACCCATTTAGAGGCCATCTGTGTGGCTAGGATGGCTTTGCTGTCACAGAAGGGACAGTCCACACTACCCAACACTCAAGTCTGATTTATGTTCATGTAAATCCGATCACCTAATGGTGGCATTCACGGCTTGGAGACAAGAAACTATAAGTGTTTCCAAGCCTGCAGCCACCTGGCTTTTTGTGGGGGTGGGGAAGGGAAGGAAAGCTGTACGATCTGGCCTCAGAGAGCCCAAGGTAAAGTTCAGTTAGTGGAAAAACAGAGCCCTAGATGATTGGGCGGGGGGTGGGTACTGGGGAGTGGAGAGGGGAAGTCCTGAGCTGACCAAGCCTCCAAGAGCCATTCCGGAACTAGAGATCTTAAATACTACATGGTAATTATCCCCTCTGCCTCTGCCCATGAGGGTGTCAGGCACAGGGCCGCCTGGCTGCCTGCAGAGAAGAGCTGTTTCATTCAGAAACTTCAGAGCTCCTGCAATGCCTGGATTAGGATGTGGGGATGGTGAGTTTCGCAACCAGGGTCAGATTTCATGAAGACTTGGTTTCGTGACTTGAGGTGTTTGACTAAGGTGTTTGCATCTCATGTATTTAGGAAGGGCTCCCTTTTGACTTAGACTTTATCATCATGAATAAGCTCCCTGCCTTTTCGATTTggaaacatgatagctctagtgagctctgctactcccaagcttgggcaggttctttgcctcagtttcctcatctctaaaatggggggaaatatattatgtaccacgtggtaacttcattggcaattaagtgaaatacttcatggaatgtttagcacTAAATATtccttagtgttgaaaaggctgggaaccactgAGACAGTTGAAAGGGCACTGGGTTAGGAGGTAAGGCTTGGTTATGTTAGGATCCCAGAACTGACTATACGGTAATAAAATTTGGGGGCAGCAGGGAAGGCATGTCTGGAGAGGAAGAAAATCAAAGATAAGCAGACTGAGGGGGGCCCCAAAAGTGGGGAGCCAAAGACTCAGGTGGAGAGGTCGCAAAATGGGTAGAATCTTCCCAAGTCTAAAAAGTTGTAGCCCTTAGTCTATACAAGAGACTGATTCTTGGCACAGAATAGCTCAATAAGAATAAGCATGAGCTTTTAGTAGTAGTGTTGTTATAGAgcagagctgatattctcacttcactttcggtgaggaaaatggcgctctgtggtgtgatgtgatgttttccagggtcatatagagagagctgagtttcaattcaaaatcgtggtttgatccccccgcctccaaatctaatgtgttccattttgtcacagtgcttcCCACAGGGCAGAGAAAGAaacaacaaagttcctactctattttcacaactcttcacattttagagtcttaagtccatttgatctcatttgat
>Human| chr22:18152960-18154459 | element 100008 | negative
gagcccttcaactttgttcttccttttccaagattgctttgactattctgtgtctcttgcatttccatattaattttaggattggcttgtctatttctggaaaaaacagagttggaattttgatggggattacattaatgtgtagatcaatttggggagtcctgctatctcaaATCAGCttttttttttttttttttaagacagagtttcgctcttgttgcccaggttggagtgcaatggcgtgatcttggctcaccgcaacctctgcctcccaggttcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggcatgcgccatcatgcctggcttattttgtgttcttagtagagatggggtttctccatgttggtcaggctggtctcaagcccccgacctcggctgcttcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccactgcgcccggcTTACATCAGCTTTTCAAGGCAGATTTGTATAACCCAATTTGAAATTGAGCCATAATATATTATTTCCAGAGATGTGTACTGTTTCATTCTTATCTTAGCTTTTCTATCAGGAACAGAAGATGGTTGATCTCGACCACTGTGAAGCCAGACCTTGGGTGGTGCATGGTGGAATTCTGCATTCTTTTCCCTCAGATCTGTCCTCCATCAGTCTGTCTCCCAATCTGCAAGATGCTTAGGGGGTATGATAACGCTAGAACCTGAAAACTGCAATCATGATTGGCTGTCTGGAATTTGGTTGTTTAAAACAAAACAAAAgactgggcatagtggctcacacctgtaatgccagcactttgggaggccgaggtgggcagatcatgaggtcaagagatcgagaccatcctggctaacatggtgaaaccctgtctctattaaaaatacaaaaaattggccgggcacggtggttcacacctgtaatgccaacactttgggaggccgaggtgggtagatcatgaggtcaagagatcgagaccatcctggctaagacggtgaaaccccttctctactaaaaatacaaaaaattaggtgggtgtgatggtgggtgcctgtagtcccagctactgggaaggccgaggcaggagaatggcgtgtacccgggagacagagcttgcagtgagccaagatcacgccactgcactccagcctgggtgacagagcgagactccatctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattagccaggagttgtggcgggcgcctgtagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggggaatcgcttgaacctgggcagcagaggttgaagtgagttgagatcgcgccatgcactccattctgggcaacagagtgaggctacatctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTCTTGCTCCtttatttatttattttttttgtagagacatttgtttcgccatgttcctcaggctggtctcaaacttctgagctcaggcgatctttatgccttagcctcccaaagt
>Human| chr18:61228043-61229542 | element 100009 | negative
AAATAAAAGGATATCCAGTAGGAAAGGCTTGTCCCGTTGTAACTATAGACTGTTCATGAATAATATTTGATATCCTCATTTTTCACTAAAAAAACTGAAATGTCTCTGGCTAGTTTAAGACTGGGGATGGCTAGAAACTGTCAGGCCTGTCCATGAAATGTGAAATGACCAGGCTCATCTTTCTTGGGAGACTTCTCAGGAGAGTCTCACTCCTAACTACGAGCATCACTGCCTGACTTTATTGCATTATTTCCCTTTTATTCCAATGGAACAGGAATACTTAGATGGTGTGATTCAATTTTACCACACGACGATTGAAAGTGTTGATTTCCAAAAAAACCCTGAAAAATCCAGACAAGAGATTAACTTCTGGGTTGAATGTCAATCCCAAGGTAAGAAAGCCCAAAAGCACGGGAGCTGGTATTGGTTTCCATTTAAAAGAAAATTGGTCTGCCTAGCTTTGCAGACTGCTGGTCTACTGGGGGCCAGAGGTTCACATATGTGGACTGTGTTCAAAGCATGGTTTGcagaatgagataccatctcacaccagtcagaatgactattattaaaaagttaaaaaacgacagattctgtcaaggcttcagataaaggggaacacttatacactattggtgggaatgtaaattagccattgtggaaagtagtttggaaatttctcagagttaaaacagagctgtcattcgacccagcaatcccattactgagtatatatccaaagaaatagagatcattctaccaaaaagacatatgcactcatatgttcatcaccacactattcacaatagcaaagacatggaattaacctaagtgtccatcaatagtgggttggataaagaaaatgtggtacatatacaccatggaatactacacagccatcaaaaagaatgaaatcatgtcctttgcagtaacatgatggaaatggaggccataatcctatgaattaacacaggaacagaaaggcaaacattgttctcacttataagtgggagctaaacattgaggacacacagacataaatatggcaaggaacaatgaaccctccagatactaacttgggtcagggagggagagaggaatgggttgaaaaactacctatagggtactatgcctactatctgtgagcaacatgccatgtaacaaacctgcacatgtacttcctgtatctaaaataaaagctgaaatttaaaaaaaaaCAAAACAAAAAAGCATGGTCTGAACAGCATCAAACAGTTAAACTGCTTAGATATTGCTGTTATTTATTATTGCAGTTTTGGTCTCTGGTCTTGCTGGCTCTGGGCGGGAAAGGAGGACACCAGCCTCGTTAGTGCTGATCTTCTAGGTGGGGCTTAGAGAATGCTCCCTTCTACCGGTGCCCGTGTGAATTTGAAAAACAGAATAAACTCTTCCCTCCAGGACCAAAGTTAGTGACCTGAAGGGTCAGGTCAGGCTGCTGGACATAGACTAGGCCCCTTTTTG
>Human| chr5:42670468-42671967 | element 100010 | negative
aactcaaaatagattaaagacttaaacataagccctgaaactataaaactaatgcagaaaatatagggggaaatctacatgatattaatctaggcagaagtttcatggatatgacctcaaaagcacagacaacaaaagcaaaaatagacaaatggcattgcatcagactaaaaaacttctgtacagcagatgaagcaacaaatagagtgaagagacaacctacagattaggagaaaatatttgcaaatcatatattagataaggggttaatattccaaaaggtacaaggaaatcaaactactcaataacaagaaagccaattaccctattaaaaTATagggatagcattgggagatacacctaatgctagatgacgagttagtgggtgcagtgcaccagcatggcacatgtatacatatgtaactaacctgcacaaggtgcacatgtaccctaaaacttaaagtataataataatTTTTTTTaaaaaaaagcaaaaattaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTATATATATATATataggcaacaaacttaaatagacatttctcaaaagaagcaagtatcaccctgatttaaaacctggcaaagacacaatgagaaaacaaactacaggccaacatctctgatgaacatagacacaaaaatccttgacaaaatactagcaaactgaatacagcagcacatcaaaaagttaatttgccatgataaactagtgtgttagggtgttctagcatgctattaaaaaatacccaagactgagtaatttataaagaacaaaggcttaatttgttcatggttctgcagcctgtacaagcatggtgccagcacctggccagcttctggggaagcctcatgaaatttttattcatggcagaaggtgaaacaggaacaggcacatcacacaggggaagcaggagtaagagagagtgtgagggaggtgccacacacttaaacaatcaggtctcacaagtactcactcactactgcaaggacagcaccaagccataagggcccacccccatgattcaaacacctcccaccaagacccacctccaacattgggcattatatgtcaacatgagatttgaacagatacaaatattcaaactatatcaagtaggcttccttcttgggattcaaggttggttcaacatacacagatcaataaatctgactcaccacataaacagaattataaacaaaaaccacatgatttcaataggtgtgggaaaagcttttgataaaatccaacctcccttcatgttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccttaagaaactaggcggccgggcgcggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggtgggcggatcacgaggtcaggagatcgagaccatcccggctaaaacggtgaaacccagtctctactaaaaatacaaaaaattagccgggcgtaggggcgggcgcctgtagtcccagctacttgggaggctgaggcaggag
>Human| chr8:66046317-66047816 | element 100011 | negative
tgctgatccctctccacactactaactgatgctttttggaaagcaccactcctggcaggaggccaaccagcacaaaaatagagcattaaaccaccaaagctgagaaccctcatggagtccactgcaccctctgccacctccactgaaacaggtagccggataatctccggctaagagacccatagagggtccacatcacagcactctgtgcagaaacccccagtaccagcccagagctgggtagattcactgggtggctagacccaaaagagagacaacaattactgcagtttggctcacaggaagccacatccactggaaaagggtgggagcactacatcaagggaacaccccatggacaaaagaatctgaacaacagccttcagccctagacagagcctacccaaatgagaaggaaacagaaaaccaaccatggtaatatgacaaaacaaggctcttcaacaccccttaaaaactacactagttcaccagcaatggatccaaaccaagaagaaatcctgatttacctgaaaaagaattcaggaggttagttattaagctaatcagggagggaccagagaaaggtgaaacccaatgcaaggaaacccaaaaatgatacaagaagtgaagagagaaatattcatggaaatagatagcttaaaggaaaaacaataaaaattcagaatactttggatacacttttagaaatgcaaaatgctctggaaagccttagcaatagaattggacaagtagaagaaagaaattcagagctcgaagacaaggtcttcaaattaacccaatccaacaaagaaaaagaaaaagaatgagaaaatatgaacaaagcctccaagaagtctgggattatgtcaaatgaccaaacctaagaaaaatcagtgtacctgaggaagaagagaattctaaaagcctggaatatatattttgggatataatcaaggaaaacttccctggtcttgtgagagacctagacagccaaatacaagaagcacaaagaacacctgggaaattcatcacacaaagatcttcacctagacacattgtcatcagattatccaaaattaagatgaaggaaagaatcttaagagctgtgagacagaagcaccaggtaacctctaaaggaaaacctatcagattaacagcagatttctcagcagaaaccctacaagctagaagagattggggccctatcttcaacctcttcaagtaaaacaattattagccaagaattttgtatccagtgaaagtaagcatcacatatgaatgaaagatacagtcattttcagacaaacaaatgctgaggtaattcaccattaccaaaccactactacaagaactgctaaaaggagctctaaatcttgagataaattctgaaaacacatcaaaacagaacctctttaaagcataaatcacacaggacctataaaacaaaaatacaagttaaaaagcaaaacaaaaacaaagtacacaggcaacaaagagcat
>Human| chr22:29853995-29855494 | element 100012 | negative
ctgaagggagactggcagatagaagaggcccgggtttttccagcctttgggcagtggctgggtcttctccaaacttacaattccctccagatagacctctgtggtcccagGCCATGGGTTTGGGTAACCCACCTCTGTCCAGCCTCCTGTTTGGCTTTCCAAAATTTCCCCCATTGGACCCCCTAAAGTGGGTTCTGTTTTTCTGACTGATAGGGCAACTAACTCAAATCCTCTTTTTTTTTTTCCATATTTAAAATGGCTGTGTAAggccgggcatggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgacgcctgtggatcacttgaggtcaggagttcgagaccagcctggccaacatggcgaaacctcatctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagccgggtgtggtggtgcatgcctgtgatcccagctacttgggaggctaaggcaggagaattacttgaacccgggaggcagaggttgccatgagccaagatcacaccactgcatgccagcctgggcttacagagcaagaccctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaTGGGCAAGGAAAAGAAaaaaaatctatacacaaaactgcccatttttaccattttaagtgtacaggccagtggtattaattatattcaaaatattgcacaatcattactactatttccaaatcaAATCCCTTTAATGTCCTCTGTGGTTCTGCAGGCCTGTGGATGCCTGCTTGCCACCTCTGATTTGCAGATGGCAAAGATCCCCAgccaggtgcagtagctcatgcctgtaatcccagtaatccctacagtttaagaggctgaagcaggaggatcacttgaggccaggagttcaaggcaaagattctctcatgcattctctccccagagcatcccaaatcccatgaagttaatggggagagggatgatcaccctaatttcatagaggagggaactggattcaggcagacccagggctcctatgtaagaggggaaccccaaaggcctggttcctagccctgtgctctgtctgtgccccacccagcctcCTGGTAGCCTCCTCCCCACCCTCCAAACCTGTGCACATATTCACTGCTGCCCTGCCCTCCACCAAAGCTACCCTGGGCAACAGGGTGGAGGTGGGAGTCCTGGTTTCCTATTGGACATCATAAGACTGGACACCAATAAGAGTAACAACAACAGggctgggcgtggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggtgggcggatcacctgaggttgggagatcaagaccatcctggctaacacggtgaaacgctgtctctatgcaaaatacaaaaaaatagctgggcgtggtggcacatgcctgtaatcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacctgggaggcagaagttgcggtgagacgagattgtgccactgcaccttaacctgggcaacaagagcgaaact
>Human| chr1:177031470-177032969 | element 100013 | negative
ggctcaagcaatcctcccaccccagcctcccaagtagcagggaccacagacacaccacaccatgctcagctaatttgtttttttattttttgtagagacaggatctccatatgttgcccaggctggtcttgaactcctggtcttaagcaatcctcccaccctggcctcccaaaatgttgggattagagacttgagccatatggcctggccTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTAAGGCAAGGCTTCTTCTCCAAAAATTTATTAACTTTGGCCAAAAAATAATAATAATTTCACAGACATAAAAGAGATTTAATAAGACACACTTAGAATGTATTCTCTCATCAAGTACCACAACCATAAAAAGGAAAACAATTTTAAGTATTTATGGAGCTTACAAATATATTTCACTATTTGTGGGAGGGCACAACTGATGTTATTTATTTATCGATTGGtttgtttattcaacaggcatgaattggccatgtattatgcacaggcactgtcccaggcactcagatacTAATCTAAACGAGATCCTCAACAAATTCTACAAAGCAACCCACCATGAGTGAATGTGACAAGTGTGACACCAGTGGCAAAGCTTTGTGGGAACACAGAAGAAGAAAAGAGTAATCTTGTCTGGGTAGAGGGTAGAAGAGGGGAGGAAAGTAGCCTCTGAGGATGATGATACTGGTAATGGGTTTGATGGGCAAGTGGACTTCCTTTCAATAGGTAGAGAAGTAGGGGAAGTATGTTCAGGCTTTGATAGGGGAATAAGGATGAGGAAAAGGAAGAATATCAGCTGGTCCGCTAAGGGTAGGGCAATTAGAAGGTTTTATATGAGCCACAGGTCATTAGCCTGTCTCAAAAGACACTGATATGATTCTCTGTCTTGTCCTACCATCCCACAGATGAGGGATAAGGTACAATTAAGAGTGTGGGTCAGGGCTAAAAGAGAAAGGGATCAGAGCCCTCTTCCATCCTTGGCCCCTCCCTAACCACCTAGAGGACTCAGTCATCCCATTGGGTTGCTAAGCTGTCCATGAACTCAGACAAAGCATCCAGGAAGCTGTAGTGGGCAGAGGGTGTGAGGACGGACAATCCCCTGAACCCCAGTCCTGGCTTTCTATAAGCATGGCCTCATTTATTAAGCGAGGCTGTGACACAGACTTCTCCAGGAAAAGAGTCCCTCTTTCTACTAAGGAGGCTTCCAGATTTCCATGTGGGGAGAAACCTGTGGGCATGTCTGTGGGGGTGCATGGTTGGAGCAGCAGTTACCCGCAGCTCTTCAGAGGAGGCCTGACAATCACAAACTCCATTCCCCACTTGGGCGCTTATCCTTCCAACCACTACTCATGCCTTCAAATCAAAGCCCCAAAAGCTCCTCCCAAGAAACACACTCTCCTCCTGTGAGTGCCTGTCCTGTTATTGCAGCGGAAACCAAACTCTGTCTCCTAACCCTGGACATAAAAATCACAAGCTGTCATAGCTCGTAACAGAGCACC
>Human| chr3:9389326-9390825 | element 100014 | negative
AAGTTACTATCCAAGGAAATGGAGACATCTGTACAATTGATTCTGGTGACAGGTTCAAAGCTTCTTATTTTCCCATCTAGCCCTAGGAAGTCATGCTTTTAAAATGTATGGGATTTACCTTGACAAACAAAGCTTACAAAAGGATGTGGAAATCTGATTTCCACCAGCCCAACTTGCACTTCGACAGGGATTCTGTAATGTTACCAGCCTGAGAAAGAACTGATCTACTGAGTAATACATTTCCATTCCCGTATGGAGGAAGAGAAGAGAAAATTGGCTAAATCAGTACAACTTGATTTTGCTCACATTTCTACTGCCAAGAGTAGCATGGTTACTCACCAACAGGCACTAGAAACACCCACACACTCACAGACATGTACTGCCAGGCATTTGTTAGGCTACAACCTAATGAGCTTGCCATTTTCAATCATCTAGGCTCCTCATTATTCAGTAGCACCAAAATTGGGTTCACCGCAACAGTAGAATTTTATGTGCAGTACTAAGTCAGCTATGAATCACAAATAGTTACATTTCATCCAAGACAAAGCTCCAAAACCTTTTCTCTGCACATTCTCTGTGGTAGGTGAAATGACATCTATGAGAGTCCCTGGCAGACCACAGTAAGGGTAGCAGAGAATATGCAATGACTaaggaagagagaaaacaagaaagagacaaagagtgaaaagaagagtggaaagaaaagggagaaagactaaaagtaaTCAAACATTTAAAAAGACAAATGTGCCTCCAGAATCCGCGAACCCCAGTCAGCGTCGCATCCCCAGCCCGCCACCATGGCTGCCTACAAATTGGTGTTGATCCAGCATGGCGAGAGCATGTGGAATCCGGAGAACCGCTTCAGCAGCTGGTACAACACCGACCTGAGCCCAGCGGGCCATAAGGAGGCGAAGTGTGGCAGGCAGGTGCTGTGAGAAGCCGGCTGAGTTTGACATCTGCTTCACCTCAGTGCAGAAGAGAGTGATCCAGACCCTCTGGACAGTGCTAGATGCCATTGATCAGACGTGGCTGCCAGTAGTGAGGATTGGTGCCTCAATGAGCAGCACTCTGGGGGTCTGATCGGTCTCAATAAAGCAGAAACTGCTGCAAAGCATGGTGAGGCCCAGGTGAAGATCTGGAGGCACTCCTATGATGTCCCACCACCTCTAATGGAGCCCGACCATCCTTTCTACAACATCAGTAAGGATCGCAGGTTTGCAAACCTCACTGAAGATCAGCTACCCTCCTGTGAGAGTCTGAAGGACACTATTGCCAAGGCTCTGCCCTTTTGGAATGAAGAAATAGTTCCCCAGATCAAGGAGGGGAAGCAGGTACTAATTGCAGCCCATGGCAACAGCCCCCCGGGCATTGTCAAGCATCTGGAGGGCCTCTCTGAAGAGGCTATCATGGAGCTGAACCTGCCCACTGGTATTCCCGTTGTCTATGAATTGGACAAGAACTTGAAACCCATACAGTTCCTGGGGGATGAAGAGACCA
>Human| chr1:194871579-194873078 | element 100015 | negative
TACTCCACAAAATACTTCACAAGGAGCATCTTCATAATCAGGCATCCAGGCATACTAGGTCTGCATTTCTTGTCTCCAATTTCTAACTCCCATTTATCTCTTATTGACTTAAATGAGTTGATTTCTACCTTATTACACCCCTTAAATTCCTTTCCCTAATGACACTAATAATTTTATGGCTTACCTAGCTAAGAAGTAGTCAATTTCATTATTACTTGAACAAAAATGTAATATCCATGACCACTTTTTTTTGGATTATCAAGACTCCACTTTCTCTTGTTTTGTTTGCTTCTCTTATTCTTACTAAATGTATCTTCTCAATCATAATTTGTTCTTCCATTAACTGTCCTATATTTCATGTATTGCTTTATCCAGAATTCAATACATTTAAATTTTTATTCATTATATTATCATATTCCATACATTTATTTCAGTAAGCAATTGTATTCCATTGGTTTCAACATTCACCTGTATATCATTGATTCACAGCATTTGagttatttgtggccatataaaaaaattatctcaaaatttacttgcttaacacaataataaacattaattttcctcagtttctagtagtcaggaattcaggggtagctttgctatgtttatggaacagagattctcatttgatagtcattaagttgtcaaataggattgccatcatctgaagtttttgttttgttttgtttttgagacagagtctcactctgtcacccaggcttcagtgcagtgttatgatctcggctcactgcaacctccgcctcccaggttcaagtggttctcctcagcctcctgagtagctgggactgcagttgtgtgccaccactcccggctaatttttatgtatttttagtagagacagggtttcgccatgttggccaggctggtttcaaactcctgacctcaggtgatcctcccacctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccactgcacccggccaccatcatctgaagttttgagtggggctgaaggatctgtttccaagaggggtcactcacttgcttgtctattggtgctgccttctggtgggaggtttcagttccccaccacgtagtcctctccaaaggctttttgagggtcctcacagcatagtgactgccttctataatgggcagtgatcaactacagctaataatttaagggagtaagagccagctggaagcttatcagtttaatgacttagccatacagtcaaaagatgtcacttctgccacattatttttgaggaagtgagtcattaaaccccacctaTAGATGTCTACATATATGTGCACACACAAAGAAGCATAGACACGTACACATTATTCAAATAAATGTGCACTTCACTTACACTCGATAATATATTTATATATTATGTAATTGTGCAATATCTAATTATATACATTCACACGAGTTATATCAAACTGTAATCTCTGTTCTGTACTTTGTTTATTCATTTGTTATATTTTGAGAATAACTTCTT
>Human| chr1:167413278-167414777 | element 100016 | negative
tacttctcttgccacttactagctgtgtggttttggacaagtcacttccctctctgggcctcagttacctcatctattaaatggagggtaatcatatctaccttaagggttgtgatgagaatcaaaagacaatgatgtCTGATATTTGGGTCGAGTCTTCTGagtccctgccctcatggggcttaagtcttagCTCTTGAGGCCGCACACAAGGTGTAGGAGCTTCCCTGGACAACAGACAGTTTTGCAGGATGCCAGCTCAAAGGCACCGCATCGCCACTCTCTACTTGGTCCTGGCTTCTTCCCTGTGCGCGCTCCTGTGGCTTCTTCGTATTTCTACCAATTCCATCCCAAAGGGACCAGCAGCTGCTTCCTAGGAGGTTTCAGGGTATTACATGGTAGCTACTTTTCTGTAAAAGTGGAGAAGCTGTTTTATTTAATGTTCCTGATCCCTACCCAAGAGTACAGCACCCAGGAGAACCTCAGCATCTGAAAGGAGCCCCAGAGACTAATAGAGCATTCTCACACAGACTCTCAATCCACCGCCCTCTcccctgaggctctgacttaagtggcctggagtggaacctgggcatggggacttCACTGCATGGCCATGAATGGATTGAGATTCAGACCTGCATCATTACAGGGGCCACAGCATGTGAGAGGGAAGCCCTGCCTTCTGTAGAGATGCAGCCATACCCTACAACAAATGTAAATTTCTGTCAAACAGATGCAATAAAATTAAAGCTTTGGTCCTTCTTATACACTGTACTTCTGAACTGTGTAttatggaacttctctaagccttcgttttctcatctgtaaaatggggataacaacactacctgtctcattagatggtggtgagggttaaatACGATACttttttttttttttaagtggagtctcactctgttgcccaggctggagtgcaatggcatgacctcagctcactgcaacctctgcctcccaggttcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtggctgggattacaggtgcacaccacgatgccctgctaatttttgtaattttagtagagatggggttttgccatgttggtcaggctggtctcaaactcctgacctcaagtgatctgcccgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctcggattacaggcatgagccaccgtgcctggccAAATATGATACTTCTTATGGGGTGAGGATAAAATAAAATAATTCTTATGGGGTGAAGGACCCCATAAGGGTATGTGTTCCATTTTGCCACCTATTGTTACTGCCATGATTTCTACTTTAAGCCCATGCACGATAAGTTGGAACCTTCCTGCCCTGTAGCAAGATCCCAGGAATAGGCCATGTGAGATGCTCAGAGGAGGCTGGGGGCAGCCAAAGATGATCACAGAGTATCTAGGCATACGGGTCATTGTATCTAAGTGTTGTGAGTCTAATTAGTGACAGTGAGCCTCGCCATCCCTTTGTAGCCTTTTGTCATC
>Human| chr14:36992065-36993564 | element 100017 | negative
GCCTCCAGAGTCCCTCCCATGGCCCGAAACACCTCCCTCTGACCGAAGAGCGTCCTTTCTTTCCGCCGCCTCCTGGACTCATCCTAAATAGGGCAGACCCGGGCTAAACCAGTGATTTTTTTTTCCATGAATACGAAGAACCCCGATTGCACTTTGCGAAGTCTGCGCGTATTCCTTTATCCCGCAACTAGCTTGCTCCCGGGTGGAGTGGGCACAGTGGGGAGCGGTCAGGGCAGGGCAGGGCCCAACGCTGGCCCCTCGCGGAGCTTTCCCTGGCGCGACCTCACACGGTCGCTGCCTCTATTCCGACCACGCTCTGCTTCGCTGGCTGCGGCTCCGCCAGGAATCCGAGGGGGCGCAGGCCCAGGCTCGGCCCTAGATGCGCGGAATCGCCATCAGCCTTTGCTTACACCAGCGTGGCCGCAGGGAAACTCCTTTCTCTCCCTCCAGTGTCACTTTGCGAGACAAGAACAGAGGGCTCATACAAAAGAAGGCTAATTTGGGGTCTGTAGCTTGGACCAGGTGGAACTGTGAGGAGGAACCACCTGTCTCACCGCCCCACCCCCCAACTGCTTTTTCTAACTCCCTTTGTGGTCCTCCACACCTGTTTAGGGCGCTGAGCCACTCTGTCTCCTGGTAGTGTTATTTTGCTCCAAGTTTTATCGCAATTTttgattcactcgacagtatttattcagctagggctctgtgccagggactacgcaaggcctgaaaattcaaacttaatctagatgcagctcctactcacacggaacttacaCATTCACAATAAATCACCCAAATAATATGTAGTTACTTTCTGACAGATGTTACTCTAGGATCCAGTGAGATAGAGAGGGTTGTAATGGAGATTCGTGTGTGGGTTTTTGCACCATTTCTTGATCTCTCAGCATTCCAAGGTCgtgagaggagtccttgagtggaagtccgtcctaggtttgaaccctggctttgcctttttccagctgtgCAGTACCGCTCTTGTGGGCTCCCGCCACACCCTGGAGTCACTCCCATCACAGCCAGAGTAAACCAGTGTGTGTTTTCTGGCTTCCctccttgagggtgagcccctgttttatctatctttgaaccccccagtgcctCGAGAAACGCTGAGGAAACACAGCctccgagcacctgtttcctgagctgtaaaaaatggtcacaacctgccctgtgtactggcttggtttgtgctagggatccaaacaattcaggatgagatcatgtgcctgagtttgtagatcacaaaagtcgctaatagaaggagttattCCTTCTGATTCTGTATTTTGGATTTAGAGAAACTGTGACTCTAGGCCTCTGACCTTCAACAAGAAACACTTGGGCCCCTCAGTTGCTCCCGCAGTCTCCCACAGCTAGGCACAGGCTTCTAAGCCGGGCTGAGCTGGGCTCGCGAGTGCCATCGAGGCAACCAGGCGCAGGGAGCGGAAGGCAGGAGTGTAACTGGGCGCT
>Human| chr2:176545548-176547047 | element 100018 | negative
TAACCAGCAGCATGGCCTCATGTATAAAACGGAGGGAACTTGACTATCTTCATTAATTTCTTTTTACTTTGCCAGGATTCTTATTGGTGACCGTAGAAtttttctgcactctgaaagaggaatttagcagcaaggaaaattgaccttactaaatTGGTTGGTATTCATGAAGCAGTTTTATTGAAATAGAACCGAATCACATCAAGGGTTGAAAATGCCCTTTTCAAGTCCTTTAAGTACACACATATATAGATAGATTCAAAGACAAATCCTTGTAATTCCTAATGGATATGGTATGGAAATAGATGCTGAAAAATAACATGCAGATAATGAAATGATGAACTGTTCTGTTATCTCCTCTGAAAAATTCAAACTTTTCCCTCCTTCTGTGCATAGAACATGCAGCAGGAGTGGAGCAGGGCCATGATTTTGCCGGCAGGCTTCACATCCTTCAGGGACCGCCTGACCGTCACACTGCGTAGTTTTACATCCCATCAAATAGATTTTCTTTGTTCAGAAAATAAACATGGGCCTTTTCACATATTGTTTGGCCAGTTATTTTAATTAGAGTAATGTGAGACATTAATTATGACTATCTCTGTTGGGTAGAGAAAAAGTAACTCAAGGAAAAATTAATAACAACACAAATAGTTGAaataatagttaactttttttgagtgctttctgtatgccaaacattttccatacattatctaatttaattcttacaactctagaagtaggtattgttattatctctatattatagacaagggaattgaactgaggtgcagagagttgaagtatcttacctaaATGAGGCAAGGACAGCTAACTTTTCACCAAAATTTTTGCACCATCATCCGTAAAATCAAGCTGTCTATGAGAAGCAGCTGCCCAACAAGGGGAtacatttttcagcttcccgttcttcttggtgaaggcatgtgattagtccttgccaatagaaagcagtgggagggatgtctgtgtctcccaagtcagtaattactgactgtgccttctccacactccctacttaacgctgattgaatgcagaagatactgaggttgtagaaggcagaagagccacaagaagaagaattcccatctctgaatcaccacatagaagactgctcatcaggaacaccagcactggattgttatatgagtgagagataaaattctattgtgtcaaagtacacataacttggggtgtatttgttacagcaaccagcattattaccctaactagtacaTAAGCCTATCCtggaggagccagaaagcaaatcaagggattctagctccagagtccacatttgtaaccactctgctCAGCTGCTTCTCAGCAAAGGAGGCAGTAAGTGCTTCACTCCAGTTCATTCATGGCAGAAATGCAAAGAGAGATAGAGCTGAGACCAAGTCTAAAGTGTTCTTTTGAGGAGAGTGTCTCACTGCGTTGTATTTATCTTTGGCCATTTTGTGTCAAAAAACTTCTAC
>Human| chr2:125315552-125317051 | element 100019 | negative
aaggggagcagatcaataagaactggaagatcattttaaggatgttgcttttaccctagataaaatagggagccagaggagacgcgtttaaaatgatctgccttaggtttttatagggtcccccttgctcttgtgttgggaattaactgaaggggtcaaggatggaagctgggagaccagttagttgataattgcagttattctggtgagtgatgcttgcatctcagactagaggaacatcaggggaggggtgataagtggtgagattcaggacagcttctgaaggcccagccggcaggaattgctcacatcttggatataagctatgagagaaggagaggaccttcaagtttaagaacctgggtactagtaaggagggtgttgacatcaactgtgatagtgaagaacacaggtaaagcaggtggtgggggcagggtgaaggaggagattggaaagtaatatctattagacacccacgtggagctgtccagcagacagctgcgtagaggagtctggagttcaggagcgaagactgaactcagatctaaacgttgaagtcactggtgtgtagCCGTGAGATTTGCTTTGACTTTGCTCAGTAATCTTATTTTTGCTTTAAAAGAAGCCAAAAATTCATATTTCTTCTGTGAAACTTTACAAATTAAAAACAAACTGCCAGACTGCATTTCCCTGAACTGTCTTGATTCCTACTGCTTTCATCACACTTTTCCCAGGCCTCATCCACTCCAGCTGGAAACTTCAGCCCGGCCCCAGTTAAAGCTAAGTTACAGAGAAATAACCACTCTGATCTTCCTGAAGGAAAGCTGTGGGGGTCCTTTTGTTCTTCTTAAGGCTGACCTAGAGAGAGCATGTTCTGCTGAAAGTGTGCTTGCCAGGATGAAATTGGACTCCAGTTTACATACTCAGAAATGTCTGTCTCTAGTCTACCTAGTGGCTCAATCTCACAACATCCTACAAAATCTTATCTCTGCTCTGAAGCAGTTTATTTGGCTTTCTCCATTGCTGTGCATTTGCCTTTAAAAAGAAATACTTTGTTTCTTCATATTTCCCATGAACAGCAAAACACAGTACAAAACAACCACCTTGAGGCCCAAACCATGTACCTCTGTAGGATGGACTGTGAGCTTAGGTCCATGGACCACTCTAGATAAACCTTTTCACTTTATCTATTACCTGGATTGTCAATAGCCCCACCTAGCAATGATCCTTCTCTTTTGGAAGAATTTTTTATTTGGATAAACATTATAAAGACTTTTAACCCTCTGACTTTTTTTTTCTCCTTTCATTCCTATCTCTTTTCTTTCTTTCAATCCTTTATCTCATTTCCCTTAAGACAATGCACATTCTGCTTTTATACAGAGGCTAACAGCTTCCAATGTGTCTGCCACACTATCTAAGTTTTTCCTGGGACACATCACCAGGGCTTTGGGGAGTAAGAGGAAAGCCATTGTGTCCATGCTGAAAGCTTTCTTTGTTAAA
>Human| chr2:178724998-178726497 | element 100020 | negative
gggctttaactactaactttgtagaaataagattataaaggaatattatgaataatggtatgccaaaaaattaggtaacaattatagaccatatgttaggtcataaagcaagtatcaaaacaactcaaggagaattttaaaattagaataaacttataataattagagaggttaaattaataattaaaaatatttccacaaagaaaagctcaggaagagatggcttcactggtgaaattcaccaaatgtttaaagaagactcttttttaaaatgtcagtccttaacaaactcttaaaaataaaaaaagtggagactgcttcccagctcattctatgagggtagcattgccctgacaccaaaaccaattatatcacaagaaagctatagacccttataaatatagatgcaaaaattctcaaaaatactagtaaactaaatccagcaatatttaaaaaggtatgcacaccatgactgaatggcatttatcccaataatgtaagattggattatcatccaaaaatcaatatatataatatactattttaatagaataaaagacaaaaatcacatgattatctcaataggcaaaaagcatttgacaaaatccaacatgctttcatgccacttaacaaacattcaacaaactagaaatagaagggaacttcctcaaactaataaaaggacacttaacaaaaaatgcacagctaacacagtaatggtaaaagactgaatgttttacttttaacaccaggaatcagacaaggatattggctatttaaccacttctatttaacaatgtactggaggttctagacatgcaatcaggcaagagaaagaaataaaaaggcattcagactgtaaagaaaaaagtaaaattatccctatttgcaggtgataaaatctcatatacagataattttaaggaattcagaaaaaactattataataaacaagttcaacaaggttacaggacataagatcaatatacaaaactcagctgtatttctacacactaacattgaacaaatcaaatttaagaaaataatttcatttacaataatatcaaaaagaaaaaaacaggaataaatgtatcaaaataagtgtaagtcttttacacttaaaactacaaaacattgctgaaagaaattaaagaagatacaaataaaggaaagacaacttatatacaggagttggaatataatcttgttaagattgcaatactctccaaattgattgacagagtcaatgcaatccctaaaataaactcagctactaattttggagagattgacaagttgattctaaaattaatatggacatacaagagacctaaaatagtcaaaatgatcttcaagatgaaaaacaaaaagtcaaaggactcacacttttagattttaaaacttacttcaaagatacagtaaccaagacaatgtgatactggcatgaagacatacagattaatggagtagagttgagagtctcataaacctatatatcta
>Human| chr2:198579828-198581327 | element 100021 | negative
tctataaaatttattttaCAGAAACATCCTATATTTTATATAAAAAGCAAAACAGTACTGAGTTCTGTTTGATTTTATAAGTAATTACTGGAACATTATATCAAGTTAAAATGTGTGAGAAGCCTATTGATTTATAGAATAAAATTATAAGTACTAACATAAGCAAATTTTTGAAAATATATATGGTTAATTGCATGAACGCTGATGATTGCATTTTCGTGCCATTTTAAGAGTTGAAAAAAGTATTTTTTGGCTTGGCTATAAAGGAAATATTTTTAACATTCATTGTGATATTGTTTGACCTACTACAAACAATAATAATAGTCCTCAAAATAGTAAGTTTTTTCTTATTTAAATGTTATGTACATAAAAATCAGCCTCTAGAAGGTAGTTAATTCATAACAAATTTTAAATAAAACTTTTGGTTGTAACTGATGTCCTAAAATTAGTTTTTTAGCTTAAGGAGAATATGTAGCACTTCTTTCTTTTTCCATAATCCATGGAGATGATCTAAAAGTGGAGCTATCAGCACTGGGGCATAAAACCAATATAAATGTATAACTGTGTAGCTATTGTAAAAATTGAAATCAGTATGATATCAGTTAGAAAAACATAGGAAAAATAGTGAAATCTTATTGCTTAACACAGAGTAGAGAGAAGGGGACTACCCAAGTTAAACCAAGTTATCGAAACTCATCCTTGGTAAGTTGGTTGAGGCAGATGTTTAAATATTCAGTATGTGAAGGTAGGTAGGTGAGTCTGAGCTCAAGAGTTTTAAACAAATTGTCTAAACAGCTAGGGCATAAGCATGAAAATCTATTTGGTAAACGTAGGATTGTTGCTGCATTTATGTTCATTTTTCCTTAGACATAAGGAAATAGACAACATTAGGATATTAAATATGTTACTTTAATTGAAAGCTATTCTCACAGACAGTTGGAAATAGCCTGAATAAAATAATGCTAACAGGTTAACTGAAGTCAGTATGTGGGTACCTATATAGGGCAGGAAAAATTTACACGTATTAGTATCTTTTAAAATACTATGCGTAATAGTTCAGATACTAATAAGGATTTTAGGAAATTTCTTTTATGTGTTGCTACAAATATATAAATGAATATTGTGTAGCTTTATTTTGGTATCAAAATTAGACATGTTAAAAGCAAAGATCCTGAGTGTGATTAGCAATTAATACACATTGTATTAAAATCATCTCAAATTGTTAATGAATACTTTAAAATTATCATCCTTTAGATGTTTTCTCCAAAACATCAAAGGAAAAAAAGGTATGCTTTTTAGGCAATACTTTTTATAGTAATGAAACGTTTATATACTATCATTGTGTTGTTTCACAGCTGTATGAGGTTAAAGATGAAAGTTTAGTCTCGGTATCTTCATTCATTTTTATACCATGATTTATAAAAATGATGTTGATAATTAAAAGTTAAAGCATTGATCTTTTGTAGTTATTAAAGGTATTTTTGCTATCATGGATATGTT
>Human| chr14:92820664-92822163 | element 100022 | negative
ttttgtattttcagtagagacggggtttcactgtattagtcaggatggtcttgatctcctgacctcgtgatctgcccgcctcgacttcccaaagtgctgggattacaggtgtgagccaccatgcctggcctgtagcagctacttttatagttttgggaccacagtgaagattagaatggacaaacgcttgccgttatgtagtttacagtctcatggagaggaaacagcaagtaggcaaaGTATCTGATGTGCTAGAATAGAATTTCTGGCTCATTATTTACATTTTTAATAGAATAGAAttaatgtgcacacaaatcacttggggaatcttgtgaaaatgcagattctgattcagtagatctggggtggggcctgagattctgcacttctaacaagctcccaggtgagactgattattttggctcccagagcacacttggagtaccagggCCCTAAAAAATGTTAGATGCTggctaggcatggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggtgggcggattgaatgaggccaagagttcgagaccagcccggccaacatggcgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaattggccacggatggtggtgcacatctgtgatctcagctacttgagaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacccaggaggcagaggttggagtgagctgagatggggccattgcactccaacctgtgtgacagagaaagactctatctcaacaaaacaaaacaaacaacaacaacaaCAACACAAATGTTAGATGCAATGGGGCCAGGGGCCCTAGAGTACTtgttggggtggggtggttgaaatatcatctaggctgtcctgcagaggcctcaattcgctgagaggtggtatgtgagccaagatgtgaaggaggtgacaaggtgggcctgtagacgtggggacaaggaggtgagtgtggctggagcggggtgggggcagtaggagagtagcctatagagattgggaagagggcagatggtggcacagggtctgcaggtcatggagacacacgtggacactgtatggatactgacaacagcccagtgaggtctcactctcaggtagacgccaaggctagaaggacgagctgacttacccaaaagttcaaaagctagctctcaaacccaagtccttggaccctaggttttcacttgaagattctgagtgtaggaactttttcAGTTCGTGCAGACATGGATCTGGTGCTTTGAAATACCTCTTTGCCTAAATACTAGAAGCCAATATTTGTCTGGGGACGAGCAAAGGACAGAAAGGCAAAGCTTGGGTTTGCCGGGCCTGGGGTGCTGCCTGCTCCAGTTTCAGGAGAATCTGGCTGAGACCCTGTTATCATACCTTGGAGGATCTGCCTGCATTCTGTAGCTGGAGGTGACATAAAGCTGTCATCAGTGACACTGGCCCTGAGAGTCGGCCAGGTGAGGTACCCTGAGCGTGGTA
>Human| chr14:86196778-86198277 | element 100023 | negative
TTAATTAGCTGTTTGTATTGCAAGTTAAATGGCCAGGCAACCTGAAGAATTACTTGAAGAATGATTATATCTATTTTTGCAGCACAATCTTATTTCTGAACTCTAGATCTATATCCCTAGGTTTTTTTTGATTATGTCACTGGACAATTGATAGCAGGACTTCAAATCAACACTGCTCCCTATAATGCCATCTCGCCCTCTCCTGCTGTTGTAATATATGTACTTTTGGGCCAAAACTGAATGTGTGTGGTCACAATCTTTTCCTCTTCCATATATTCAGTCTTCATCAATATCTCAGTAAAGTGTGTGTCATTCTTGGTCCTGTGTTTTAATAATTTATATGCATCTCTCTCGTCTAACACTCAACATttcgctcacaaacatttcattgctattttataaaaacttttagaaagagaatataacagggtctttgtgttagtgcagttcatactgaatttggtggaccaatagctaaacaaaaagagtcacaaaacaacctgataaaagtgttcataagagaatatatgaactgttacataaaaagagaagaaaaagtacctaagtctgcctatgagagtaaaggaaggcttcattaatgacaggttaataaaactaagtcttaaaggatgaagagaaatttatcagttggGCAAAAATTAGAAGATAATCTAATTTTTAGATTATCTTAGAAGATAATCAAATATAAGAGAATTAGACTGTGGAATGGGTGCAAGCAATTCAGTAGTGTTAGGTTCAGAGTACTTGTAGAGTTAACACAGTAGAAGTCAGGTCACACAAGAGCATTTTATACCCTACTAAGGCTGTAAGAGATAGGAAACATCTGGAAAAACACTAAGCTGACCAGTGATTTGCATCTCTGAAACACTGCCCAGGCTGTGGTGTGGAGAGTGTCTTGATGGCTTGGAGTATACTAGACTTGGGAAAGGGAGTGAAAGTAGATGATTGCTTCTGTGGTTCCAGTGAGGCATGATTAAGTAATGAACTATGACAGTGACCTCAAACTTGGAGAGGAGTAGGCAGATTTGAGGATGGAGAGGAACAGTCAGTAGAAATGTTGGAATTTAGTGGCTTATTGACTGCAGGAATGAGAGAGAAGGAAGGTTGAAATCTCTCTCTGGTTTTGGCTAGGGCAACTAGAGAAGAGGGAATTTCATTTACCAAATCAGGGAAAATGGGAGGAAAGGCTGGTAGAAACAGAATAATGAGatttttatttttttattttttaGGAGAGGCTGAGTTTGAGGTACACTCAGAACTTTCATGCTGAGTTGTCAACTTGGAATTTGGAAGAAAAGATGAGGAGCTTAAGAGACAGCAGTGAGGACTCTAGAGACTAGGAAAGTGTTGTTTCAAAACAGGGAAACAATAGAGGTAATTGAAAAGGTGGCATAAAATGGAGAATCCAGGGGGAGGTTATGGAGAGAAAAAGATCTCTAAAACTCTACAAACACTGAAAACTTTTAATACACAGGA
>Human| chr4:160018033-160019532 | element 100024 | negative
ACAGATTCTGCACTGCACACCGGTTTGCTTATGGATGTAATTTCAGTTGTGTATAATCACCTTAACAGAACGGGAAAAACCCAGATACCATCTTGTACAATGCTCTATTATGACAGAATTATCTCAATGGGTTAACTTTGCATGTTGGAAATGGGAGGTTTTTTTCTCTTTGATTTACTAACTTGAGCATTCATGATATCTAGTGTAAGCTCTAAAAAAATCTATGCATTAAATACTCTTGGATTATGTAGTGCATTTATATTGTTAGAGTTTAAAATAAAGTTCTTAATTTTACCTGCTTTTAGGCTTAAAAAAAAACAAAAAACTTAATCTGTATCTCTTACCTAAACTCCTTTACTCCCCTTAAAGCTGGCCAAATGATTCTGGACCATCATCCCATGGGCCAATTTATAAAAATAAATGCCAAATACTACATAACAATAGAAGGAATTGATGGTAGATTAGAAGTTTAACAATGCATTTCCTTTTAGAAATGTCAGCATCAGCTTTCTCACAATAAGGGAAATACAAAGGTTGTTCTCTGCCACTGGCCCTATATTTCAAGTGCAAACAAATCAATGAAAGAAAGTAGTTATGTCAGTGTGAGGGATACAATAGTGTAACTGAATAGAACAGTTTCGTTAGTGTGtatattttttatttttatttaatattatGTCCAGACAGAACCTAGGTAATAATATTGATAAATCAGGGGGAGATGGTTTCCTTTTTCTGAATCAGTTCCAAAATATCTAAACATCTACCTGACCTCTATGTTAGTGTAGTTCTGCGGCAGCATCCTCAACTCTGAATGTTATGATTCCTGTACAATCAAAATGAATAGTCTGATACTCTACCTGTGCTTCTGATACATTTCATCATGAGATCCATCCTATAAACTCACTGTATCTCTCCCTGAATGTCTGTAATTGTACTCCCCATCAGGGACTCTCTGGAATGCTACTTGTAGGTGAACACAATATTTCCTAGTGGAGTGTGCTCACTGAGAATGACACAATGTGTAAACAACACCCTTCCACCCTCCTGAGATTCTTACTGACTTGACTACAAGGGTAAAAGTAATTGCAAACCAACGCTTAAAAAAATGTTTCTAGGGAAAGGGGAGTGGTGTGAGGAATGTCTTTAACAGAATCCAACTTCTCTCAGCTGGAAATCTTGCCTTGAGAGGGTTGTAACCACTGGAGAAAGCAGTAAGGAGAGGAAGCTCTTAGCAGAGGAGGGCAGTTTCCTGGATCCTTTCTATTATCCTTACCCTCCTTATAGGAGAGGTGAGTAAATTAAACCAATGCTTGGCACATGGAACaagctcccaggaggccagggaaggagccatatttgtcttattcattactggtattccaggcatggagatcagtacctggcacacagcaaagcacacaataaatatttattgaTGGAGCAGTAAGGGCTTGACGTGTTTTTAAAACAAAATGACTATGTATGTAAAATCTCCCT
>Human| chr10:71090069-71091568 | element 100025 | negative
gatttaatcagatgcttactttagttggatctttccatcaagcttggatgtaggaatttcttcctgcatcttacatatggggcaggtgagtcccaggaagtggaattcatgtgatctcggtggccagaaagcagaagagctaggatgggtacacagacctccctaacgccaGTGGGCAATTCTTGCAGTACCTGCAGAACCAGAACGGTGGTCCAGGGCTCCAGACTCCAAAGCCATTGATGGGGTTCAGGACATACTATCCCCAAATAGTAATATggcatttgagaaaacagcagaagcaggaaggtctctcacctttcccctcccttcttccctgatgcagactctcattcaagaaggtgtctaccttatacccagaagaaagggacatccttatctctggagatacagggacacagagaagaacaaacagggcctgccaagttctcttcagtttatcactattagatcatatcccctttctccagtcacacttcttcacgatcatccacttcttcatcaaacctgacatagggaaatatgcagacttacctgtttcttttctttttttctttttttttttttgagacagttctcgctgtgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggtgcagtctcggctcactgcagcctccaccttcctggttcaagcaattctcccacctcggtctcctgagtagctgggattacaggcatgcgccaccatacctggctaatttttgtatttttggtagagatggggtttcaccatgttgactagactggtctcgaactcctggcctcaagtgatctgcccgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggatcacaggcatgagccgccacgccgggccagagttacctgtttctttggaccttcatttccttatgaaggcttctgcgtcacctaaaaacttagattaatttgtatacattgttcttgttactctgtcttttgttataggggcctcagccataaacctaagatgggaaggaaggatatttcttttcAGCTACTGCGTGTTCTACATTTCAGCGGCCTTCTTCATAGAAACTGTCACCCAAGGCTCTGATAATGGAGATATGTCAGAAATGCTGGGGctgtgtgtccagaatagtaggcgccagccataggtggctgttgagctcttaaaatgtagcaagtctgatttgagatgtgctgtggcatataaactccacacaggttttcaaaaatttcatgtgacacaaagaatatgaaatagcccgttaatagttttctaatattggctgggcatggtggctcacacctgtaatcctggcactttagaaggctgaggccagaggatcacttgagcccaggagcttgagatcagccagggcaatatagcgagacctcatctctgcaaataattaaaaacgtcagctgggcatggtggcacacatctatggtcccagccacttgggagtctgaggtgagaggattgcttgagcccaggaggtcaaggc
>Human| chr14:25912854-25914353 | element 100026 | negative
GCATCATAGGATTAGAAGATTTCATGACCCTCTCTATTTGGGTATGAGTGTTCCTACGTGATACTCATAGATGAAGTTTTCTATTGTAGCGTTGAAAACTTCCTTGCATTGATACCCACAGTAGCAGTAAATATTTTTAATAGTTGTACAATTATTCCAAATATCTAATTCAAATCTTTAAATATGCATCAAAGCCATTCTTTTTTTGTTTCTTCTTCCCTCAGTAGAAAATCTTTCTCTTCATATAGAACACCTGCAAATATTTTTTGCTAGAAATTAGACTATTGTCTAAAAGCCTTGTCACTTCTCTCCCCAGCTTCTTGGAGATCAACAACAATCCAAAGGCAGAAGGGAAGATAATTAGAAATTGAGGATGGGAAAGAGGAAGAGAGAAGAAATAATGACTTTCAGAGGACTTTCTCTCCCTTAGAACAAAATGAAAAGGAACACCTAAAATACTCAGCATGTGGTACTTTTGTCTCTGCTTTCTTACCTTGGGCCCTGTGATTCTTATTAAGAATAGTGATTGTCCTATATGTCCAGCTTCCTCTATTTATGAGGTAACAGAATTAATTTCTTCCTCAAGTCCCATTACTGGCATTGCTTTCTTCTTGACCAAAGCTGAGTTCTGCACCAATGCTGAGTCTTCTCATTTTGTAAAATATTTATGGTCATAATCCACAGTcatataggatagtggtcctataagattacaatactgtatttttactataccttttctatgtttagttttgtttagatatacaaatacttaccattatgttacagttgcctatagtattcaggacagtagcatgccatgcaagtttgtagcctaggagcaataggctacactatatagcctaggtgaattgtaggctatgccgtctagttttgtgtaaatgtactctttgatgttgcctcaatgatgatgtcacctaacagtgcatttatcagaagtgcccccatcaatacacatgactgtatttggtcttcttcctaatttcctgatatatgactactaaaaccttaaaatctcctaagttataagagcgtcttttttatgctaatgatatgactggtggctggagacccctagatagcttcaggatgggagctggtcaccagaaagaccaagggttgattagagagagttggggctttcaaccccaccctccaatttccagggagaggagggaggctataggtcacattgatcaccaatggcaaataatttgatcaatcatgtctacataatgaaacctccttaaaaactcaaaagaagagagctcagagagcttccatatagctttacaatggaggttcctgaagggtagtgcaccaggagaggacgtggaaactgcaccctttctcccataccttaccctaggcacctccttcatctggcaattcatctgtatcctttgtaatatgctttataataaatggagtaacataagtaagtgtttccccgagttctgtgagctgttcttacaaatt
>Human| chr8:71440689-71442188 | element 100027 | negative
AGAAAGAACATTGAAGATTTTTAAGCAGATCTTTTATGTTAGAAAGGTCACTCTGGTGGGTGgggcatggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcaggtggttcacccgaggtcaggagttcaagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaactccatctctactaaaaaatacaaaattagccaggtgtggtggtgcatgcctgtaatcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacctggaggcagaggttgcagtgagctaagattctgccaatgcactccagcctgggcgacagagcgatactccatcttaaaagaaaaataaaaataaaaaataaaaGAAAAAAAAGATCTTTGGGGAAATAAGGGGTGTGGATGGAATGGGAGGAGGAATCAATGAGATTCAAATCAGGGACATCTAGAGAGAGGCTGATACAATCAATAGTCCAGGCCACTGACGTTGAAGGCCTGAGCTGGGGCAGTGGCTCTGGGCATAAACAGGAGGAATGTTTAGGGCTGAAAAACTAACTGGAgccgggcgtggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaagtgggcagatcacttgagctcaggacttcgaggccagcctgggcaacatggtgaaacccagtctctacaaaaaatataaaaattagctggtcgtggtgaaacacacctgtagttccagctacttgggaggctgagattggagaatcacttgagcacaggagatggaggtcacagtgagttaagataccacagctgcactccagcctgggcaatagagctagaacttgtcttttaaagaaaaaaaaaaaGACTAAGTGGGTGGAAAGAGGAAAGACTAAAAGATGAATCCAGGTTTCTCGGGCTTCGCTGATGGGATTCATGGTTGCAGCAATCACCTGTAGGATGTCTGGATATTAACAGAGCCATTAAGGGCTGAGTTCACTTTTGTGCTCCTTGTGTCTGGACTGAAGACAGAGCAGTCCAAAAGAAGGTCAAGGACAGAGTCATGGGGTGCCCCACATCGTAAGGgcatcataagaggttattttctagaatagattccaggtcccacctgagatgatttagaaggcctgggtgaagcctaagaatccatggttATTGTTATTGtttttgttatttatatatttatttatttgagacagagtctcactctgtcacccaggctgaatgcagtagggcgatcttgactcattgcaacctttgactcctgggctcaggtgatcctcccatctcagcctcccaagtagctgggaccacaggtgcaggccactacactcagctaatttttctattttcaggagagacggtgttttaccatgttgcccaggctgttgacgaactcccgggctcaagcagtccatccacttctgcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccgcgcctggcTAGTAATCCATGTTT
>Human| chr7:150729461-150730960 | element 100028 | negative
agagcacctgcacacagtaggttcaaaatgtgtagaatAggccaggcacggtggctcatacctggaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggcaggtggatcatgaggtcaggagttcaagaccagcctggccaataaagcgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcgtggtggctcgtgcctgtagtcccagctgctcaggaggctgaggcaggagaatctcttgaacccgggaggcagaggttgcagtgagccgagattgtgccgcttcactccagccggggtgacggagcgagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaCACAATGTCTAGAATAGTGGAATCGATGTTAGCATTTTATAGATGTGGCAGCTGAAGGAAAGAGAAGGTAATTGTCCTATTCAAGATGACAAGATAAGTTATTAGAATTCTTATTTTTCTCTGTTTCCTCCTTCAGCTGTGGAGAGGGAGTGTGTGTCATGGCGCCCCAGGCCAGGGAGGGGAGGTAGGGTAATGGGCCTGGGACATCAGAAGACATGGCACACtggcagagtagagccagcctgggtgctggagtcagactgcagacttggttccctgctcgtcccagttctgctgcctgcggacaagttatttcagctctcttagctccacatgatttttttcatctgtcaggtgagaataatggcacctccctcccagggaggtgaggatcaagggaagtagcccatTAGCTCCAGGAGGTGGGGCTGTGTCTGCCCTGGTGGCTGCTGTGAGCAAGTCCAGTGCCGGGCACAGGAGCAGCTCTCTTTCCTCACCTCTCTGCACCGTGGTCCCTTAAACCCCCGGCCCCTTCCTGTCCAGGCAGTGTGTGGCCATCTAACGTGCCATCCAGTTCTTCAGGCTGTCATTCTGTCAGAGCCTGGAGTCGAGGCTGCGAGGGCCCTGGCTGGCTGGGTGTTGCCTGAGAGTTGCCCAGGGGAATAAGACTTTTAAGACTAGATTTTGTGCTCAGTGCCTCATTCCTCTGCGACTTTGCCCATGGACATGTCTTAGAAACTGAAGTTGCTTCAGAACAGCCCTGAGAAGGGCAGGGGCAAGGGCCTGACAGAAGAGGAAGTGCTCCTTCCAGAGGGCTCAGCCAGAGCCCCATGGGTGTGCTGGTCAGCAGGAGGGCAGTCGGAGCCTCAAGCCATCCATGCCTCTCTCTCCTTACAGGTACTCTGATGGCTACCGCAGCTCCTCCCTCCTCCGGGCCGTGGCCCACCTGCGGTCCCAGCTCTGGGCCCACCTCCCTCGAGCCCCCCTAGCTCCCAGATGGAGCCCCTCTGCCTGGTGCTGGGTTGGGGGAGCCCTGCTAGGCCCCATGGTACTGAGTAAGCATCCCCACCTCTGCCTTGTGGCCCTGTGTGAGGCAGAAGAGGCCCCTCCTGCCAGCTCCACACCCCATGTCGTGGGGTCTCGCTTTAACTGGAAGCTCTTCTGGCA
>Human| chr8:73319844-73321343 | element 100029 | negative
ctgtcctaaatatatatgcacccaatacagcagcacccagaatcgtaaaacaagttcttaaagacctacaaagtgacctagaccccccacacaataatagtgggggactttaataccccattatcagtattagacagataatcaagacagaaagttaacaaatatatttaggacttgaactcagttctggaccaagtggacctgatagacatctgcagaagtctccacccaaaatcaacagaatacacatttttcttggcatcacatggcacctactctaaaattgatcacataattggaagtaaaacactcctcagcaaatgcaaaagaactgaaatcataaacagcctctcagaccacattgtaatgaaattaaaattcaagattaagaaacccacacaaaaacacacaactgcatagaaactgaacaatctgctcctgaattacttctgggtaaataatgaaactaaggcagaaataaagaagttatttgaaaccaatgagaacaaagagacaacataacagaatctctgagacacagctaatgcagtgttaagagggaaatttatagcactaaacaaccacatcaaaaagctagaaagatctgaaatcgaaaccctaacatcacaactacaagtactacagaatcaagagcaaacaaaccccagagagagcagaagacaagaaataactaagatcagagcagaactgaaggagagagagacacaaaaaatcccttcaaaaaagtcaacgaatataggagctggttttgtgaaaaaaatcaaagaaataggtaggctgctagctagactaacaaagaaaaaaagtaagaatattcatataaacacaatcagaaattataagagggataccaacactgactccacagaaatacaaacaatcatcagagaatagcataaatctctatgcgaataaagctggaaaatctagaaggaatggataaattccaggacacatacacccttccaagactgaaccaataagaagttgaacccctgaatagaccaataacaagttctgaaattgaggcagtaataaatggcctaccaaccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacaagaaagaccaggtccagatggatttacagctgaatgctaccagaggtagaaagaggagctggtaccatttcttctgaaactattccaaacaattgaaaaggaggaactcctcctaacacattttatgaagccagcatcatcctgataccaaaacctggcagagatataacaaaaaagaaaacttgaggccaatatccctgatgaacatcgatgcaaaaatcctcaataaaatactagcaaaccaaatccagcagcacatcaaaaagcttatccaccatgatcaagtcagcttcatccccaggatgcaaggctgattcaacatacacaaatcaataaatgtacttcatcacataaagagaactaaagacaaaaaccacttaattatctcagtagacacagaaaatgc
>Human| chr18:42414820-42416319 | element 100030 | negative
ATCAAAAGGAGGGAGAGGGGAGCCAAGGGCAGTTCTCTGGAAAGGGTGCAGTTGTAGGTACTTGGAAACAGGAGCAGTTTTCTAAGCAGAGGAAAGAGGAAAGGGTATGGCTGGCTTATGAAGTATGAGGTGGGACAGACAGGCGACTAGGCTGGGGAGGGAGATCTTTATCAGAGCAGATGGGCCTTCTTGGAGTTTCTAGGGAGATTGGATTTTACAGAGCAGCTAGAGGGAGCCATTGAAGAGTATTAAGGATGAGGGGAGGTAACAGAAGTCCTGTTTTAGGAAGGTCCCTGGGTTGGGAGAAGCAGCACAGGGTCAGGTCACAGAGGAGTAGCCATGCAGTGCTCAGGACAGCTCTCCCTGGGGCCACTCCCCTCCAAGGGAGGGGCTCTACAGCTCTTGCATCTCGAAGAGGCCCTTGGGTGCGGTGCATTTTATCAATATCATCAAACTAAGCCAGCCTTCAAAGGTTTGTGAAGGAGGCAGCGTCGTGTTTGACAGTCTCTCTACTGTGTCCTCTTTGCTCCCTGCCCTCAGCTTTTTCCCATTCCCTGCCTGTGCTCATGCTGAAATCTCTCTCCAGATAAAAGCCCATCTGATTAAGATTTAAGCAAAAGtttagcaaataaaaatacaggactccaactaatactttttttgtcccatgaatagttctaaaaaagaatttttaagtattttaaattcaaatttaactattgtcctatattttatctggcaaccctaCATTTAATACGTCTAAGAATCTCATTTTAGAGTTTAGGGATCCACCTTGTCTGGCTGCTCAATGTTTCtttcccataggaagatgctgaggcccctaaaggtcaagtggtttgtttgtgaagttcacacggccaagccagagcaaagctgtgacttccagaccaactctgtgtccacttggcaacctgttctctGTACCTAGGAATGAATTAGTTAAATGTGGCAGACTTCCTAGAAGCATTTGCATTTTTAAAAGAAGGCCTGAGGGCAAAAACTCCTAGAGTAAGAATGTCTAAGAATGAAAATTCAAGTCCTATTCAAGAGGAAAGGCATTCTGTCCTGGAGCTTTCTTGGAATTAAGGCCTCTTTCTGCAGCCAGGGGAGCCTGCCTGGCCTTCTGATCCGGCAACTAATCACGTGAAGCATTTGGCCACGGACAACGATCCTGTCCATTGGAACGATACTTTGAACTTTTCAGAGTGCATTCAGAAACATCATTTCCTTACTCTCTATAAGCTTTTTTTTTTTTATTGTAAATGTTATTTACATGCTTTCCATATTTCCAATTTGGTTTCTGCCACCAAGCGAATCAGGAAAGTTTGATCCACAAACACTGAATTGTATATCAGCTTTTTATAAACACACTGCAGTCAAATTTCCATTATTTTCTTTGCTTAACCTGCTGCCTTCATTTTATTAGAGTCTCATGCCTTTTCCCTAGTTAGGTTCTGTCTAGCATACCTCTGGTTCAAC
>Human| chr14:27866011-27867510 | element 100031 | negative
TTTCACGTTTTGTTATTAAGACCTAGATATAGTCAGAAATATGAAGACAAATATTGTCTAAAAAATAAATGAGTAAAATCAAATGCAATTTATATAAGGTGCTCTAGTAAGTCTAAGCAATTGTAAATTTTGATAAATTGTTACTGTCATTTCTTTATTTTGAACAATGTATTAGATATTGTAGTCCTACCTATTTTGTAAAGAAACTTCTTTTTCATAATAAACTAAGTGAGTTTAGATAACAGCATGATGAGTCTATTGGTTGAGTTCAGCCCCAAACTTTTTCAATCCAAGTCTTTGTATTTTAGCATCATCTCCAATTAGATGTGTTTCATAATCAGGGTGTTTTTTACACTATATTTTGTCAACTTATGATTCAGGTAATGCATTTATCTAATTTAAAAAATGAATGGTTTGTCAAATTTAAAACTCACTGTTTACCATTTAGTAAAACACTATACCAGTAGAATCTTTCTTTATCTAAATTTAAGGTAAGTTTTACATTTATAATTCTAACATACTGCATAATGTGTTTTTCTACCTGTAAGAGCCAAATCATCCTCGTTTAAAAAAACCCTGATTTCATGTAAAATGGTTTTGTATGTTTCTTTAGAGCATACTTGATCTTGGTTAGTAAAATTAATCCCTACTTTATGTTTGATTATCTGCAGAAGAAAACAAAATGATTTACTGTCATTTTCTCTTCTATTTAAAATCAAAACCATAGTAGAACACTAACTGTTGGGATGTAGGGATGTTATGGGTACCTTATGCTTCTTTCCTTTTAAGATAAAAACCTGCCCGAAATTCTCCAATATGTTTTAGATCTCACAGCCTTTTTGACATATTTTATAAACCAAGGGCACACCTATATATTTATTATCTTCAGATTTTAAATTTTTATAATAGGTAAATTTTGTAAGCTTATAGCACAAAATTATAATTTTGTAAACTTATGTTAAAGTTTAGAGAACCTGAATAAGAGTAGTGAATAAATTCCAAGGATTTGGTAAAAGGAGAGGATAATTTTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGtattttctcttcaattatttttatttatttagtttatttatttttatttttttctattAAGATTGAAGCACATGTGATTTGTTCCTGTTGTTCTACCTAGAATATTAAGCTTTGCTTTTAGGCCTTGAAAATAAAGTGGGAATAGAGAAAATTTAAAAGCTGCAGGGTACCATTAGAAATAAACAGAGGAATGTGAAATGTTGATTAAAGATCAAAGAACAGTAGCAGAATTAATTATCTGGAAGCTGTGAAATCACTTACAAACTGCATAAAGCCAAGGCAAGGGAATTGAAAACTTATTACtaattaattcttataatatattaataaaaCAGACAAGGCACATCTTAATAATTTAGTGGAAATTTGACTGTAGTATCCAAATTCATCTCTGAAAGGTATATGATTCAGTTGATTAAGCTCTACAAAACTGGCTTCAGGACACGTACTTCC
>Human| chr1:172911277-172912776 | element 100032 | negative
CAGTAAACCGTAAGAAGACTGAAGTCTTAACCTTCTTGCAGAGTTGCTCACTAGCCTAAAATGCCATtgagatgagatgaggtgagatgagaggagatgagatgagaATATTGGCCCCTCCCAAATTCAACTTCCCTATAAATCCTTGTATTAATTGTTTTTTGGTAATATAAGCCTTGTTTAGGTTAAAGACCAAACAAAAGAAAACTTCACACTATTTTTAAAaagtaaaaaatgtttatataattaatgtgcaaaaaatgtgtgcttgagacaacagaatgcaacctaaagacagcaatatgaatatggggattatgtaggataaaaacttggtcaactacaaaaggcataatgtgtaaacaaggctaatttacgactaaatgacaggctattgtaaaatgcttgcatatattaagaaaaattttcctagaatcaaaagtgtttacagatgacaatgttgtaaaagtgtttgtattattcagttcaggctgctatatataacaaaataccgatggaccaggtggcttaaaaaaccagaaatttatttcttacaattctggaggctagaagtctgagatgagagtggagtgccagcatggtcaggttctggggaggggcctcttccaggttacagactgccatcttctcaaggtgccctcaagagagagcagagagaggtcttgtgtctccttctctttataaggtcattagttttatcatgaaggccccacattcatgacctcatctaacccttattacctcccaaagatttcacctcctaaaagcatcatattgagggctagaatgtcagcataagaattcagggggatacaaactttcagaccataacagtgtgtcagtgttgcagcagagatgatgggtactaatcaggaatggccatttatgaatggaagtctaatcaggtataatgttgctcattattttgaagacataggtgaaagcctatagaatgaattttgtaaaaaagtgaaatcatttgtggtgtcttatattgcagtgggtgggagcagatttaaataatgccatcctatttttatggtctttgatatggtctggctctgtgtccccacccaaatctcatcttgaattgtaatccaaattgtaatccccacgtgtttgaggaggaaccttgtgggaggtgattacatcatgggggcagttcccccatgctgttctcatgacagtaagttcttatgagatatgatttcgtaagtggcttttccccacttcactaggcactcactctctctcctgctgccctgtgaagaggtgctgtctaccatgattgtaagtttcctgaggcttcctcagccatgcagaagtgtgagtcaattaaacctcttttctttataaattacccagtcttgggcatttcttcatagcagcatgagaatggactaatacagtgttaatgaatattttaccattactaaataacatttggaagagacataagaggcctaggagagacacaac
>Human| chr17:70618355-70619854 | element 100033 | negative
CAGAGAAGTTAAGGGGGACATCTGCCAATGAGGTATATGGAATACTGGGGCCAGCCTGAAACAAAGGGTAGACACAGGAAACAGAGGGGCTAACCCGTAACCAGGAGGAGGCCCTGAGAGCCAGGGAGGAGGATGCTGCCTGGGCTTGGGCTGGGCTTGGCTGAGAATGGCTGAACCTCAGCACTAAGCCTCTCCCATCTCCCATGACTTAAGCTTTGGGAAATGGCCCATGAGATCTGACCCTCTagagttggattccaatcctgaactgggctctaactcactcactgtgtggcccagggcaagctgttcaacctccctgggcctccatttctctgtttatGGATGACCTGCCTGACTTTCCAAGAATCACTGGGAAACGGAGCCTTGGAGTTCCCTAGAGAAAGGAGGTGTCATAGTAGGCTATCTGGCCATCTTGCAGGTGAACCCCAAAAGAGTGGCTTGGTAGTTTTTTCTCAAAGAAATTCCACAAAgaggaggtatgttgtaatggaagagtattggatttggcatcagaacaccaggttccagtcctgatttgctatttaaaagtcacccatcatctcaaagctacggtcttgcttgagtgtgaatcacaattcttgccttgtacaggaggatcaaatcagGCAGGAATGCAACCACATCAGTCACCTGGAAGGAACGCAGGCATCCGCAGAGGAGGGGGTGAGGTGTGGAGTCTCTGCCCGAACATCGGTTAAGTGGTGAGTGAATTGACTGGGATGAAACTGATGAGGATGGTAGTAACGATGCTCTAAAGCACCCGAGTTTTCCCCCAGTTCCCTCAGGGAAGCCCCACTCTGAGACCTGGGACCGCCACTCCCAAATCCCTGTCCCAGATTCTTTCCTTTTCCGAGGGCATCTAGAGGACAAGCACCTTCTGATCGGAATGTTTTCCAAATACTCAACATCTGGAAGGAGCTGTTACAAAGGCCCCCTTTGTGTAGCCGGGAAATGGGCTGGCAATAAAACAGGGCCAGACCCTGCCGAGCTGGGAATGGCAGTGGGGAGAGGGTGGGTGAGAGGAGCAGCGCGGAACAGGCTGGGAGGAGGACCTGTGAGAGCAAGGTCTCCGAGAGGGGTGTCCGGGCAGCATGGGACAATGGAGAGTGACCATTGCATATCCAGCGCTTTCTATGTGCTTTCTCTGTAGTGTCTTATTTATGTAAAAGAAAGTTTCAGCAGTGGTCACAGTGAGGGGGGAAGATGTATCTGAAGCGTGGTGGGAAAGATGGAAGAATTCACTCAACAGTATAACATTTTTCAGGTCTTGACAGAGAAGGCAGAAAAACCTTCCCTGCTGGAGTGTTAAAAGGTGACAACGCCCCAACCCTGTTTCTAACCTGCATCATTCCCCCACTTCCTTAGAGCCATGTGCTCAGAAAGCAGGTCCAGGTGCCCTTGCAGGAGCCTCCTGTCCCTTTGTTCCAGCAGGTGTCTGTGAGTCTGTGTGCACGC
>Human| chr3:94322671-94324170 | element 100034 | negative
actactcaaaatgcctgggcatttttctttccaaagtgcagtcaaacctggtaaatgatattgggttcctttggagaaggactaggggaatcatcacatcacattatatacttgccacagtattacagcgttcttcctgcaagaagggaccacctttagacaatggattccagatagtaaaattggctcagatctaggaaattcacagtagatcatgactttatatcaagactactgctctcagattccttctctaccatcctcgccttttttctttgtactagattttaatcagtacccttgttggctgcctgtctagtttgcttgaggaatgccactgtgatctattagccatctccacaacttcctgaaggtcaatcatccttggatgcgcctctcaccttgccagtcactgtagtaattagggtatcctggctccttgtgattagccctgtgccccggctctgtcacttcatggatgacattgatgccaattctatgacttctctttccaccagtcctagttcacagagaggaccacaatgaactttttcttttttccacactgaacttattaatgatgcttgttcttctctcaccatggtatttatcatggccttaagaatgatctgggggagattactgagtaggaaacgtgttgccttgttgaggacatgcctctgaaatgtctttccagagtagagaaaatgctagctcttattatgaaagggtcagcaacctgtcagttctgaggatttgggagaatctgctcagccaatatcttcagggacacttatccagatgttgttatccaatgtctcagaatcccacatgttcataaccaaggtcctgatctcagaaaaacagatctgccctcgtttagatgcagacatctctagacctctgtgactcttttaggtcttcagtctCCAGGTTACCTATGAcatgtttagctatttactgcttggtggtggtgctcagtttttcattatctctctgcaggtgactaatacaaattagcaataatcagtccattccactctcattgtatggataattttcccacatattccaaaagccaggatcattgcatctgcaatgacattcccctccactgggacattttcccaggaaaccacgaatgaaagctttagctattgtcttgtgccagagactagctgtgccccatctaactatcctttttgcccactgttcagtgaatgaactagttctaaacccACTAACATGTAGGTAATAAGTAAAATTTGTCTGTTTCCTCAGACCATATTATTTAATTTGAACACTATATTTTGTGCACATTGCATGAGACTTATTACATCTGTGATTCTGGAAGACTATGCTGATTTGCTAAATGTGGGAAAAGGGGGCTTTGGAATGACATTGTAGAACATTAACTAAATAATTTTGTTTTGATTATGGAAATTTAGGATGATATTTAGGTAAGGGGCAGGACTGGAGATATTATACCAACAGGTGAAG
>Human| chr11:638284-639783 | element 100035 | negative
GTGTCCCCGACTGTGGGGGAGGGGGACTCGAGGTTTCCCCTTGATGGACACAGTGAATCCAGGCGGCTGGGGCAGAGACCAGCAGCACGGGACACGCGTGACCTGTGCTCCTTTCGAGCCGCAGACGTCACAGTGACGACGTTTAAGCTCCTAATCTCCCCAAATCGGCGGGAAGGATTAGAGGGGCTGCCTGCTCCTTTGCCCTTGGAGAGAGTCACTCCACGTGGAGTCCtacgctgggcactgggcacggtcttcatatttttaattataatttatcttcaagacaattatgatgtggatactatcatcacccttgtcttacagatgaagaaacagaaatgaattaacgtgcccgagtctcccacagagaacttagccaacagagcagccagcttcgcttctaggcCCAGCGGGGACCCTGCCTACCCCAGGCTGGGGAGGGGCTCCCTTTGAGCCCGATGATATCAGGCCCGCCCCCAGGGAATTCCCCAGGCCGTTCTCATGTTTGTAACAAAAGGGAGACCAAggccagaagccgtgattcacgcctgtaatcccaggactttgggaggcaaaggcaggaggatagtttgagaccagcctgggaaacataccaggcctggtctctacaaaaaattttaaaatatcagccgggggtggtggctgcggctgttgtcccagctattcgggggagctgaggcggcagaatcgcttaaacctgggaggcggaggttgcagtgagttgagatctcaccactgcactccagcctgggcaacaagagcgaaactccgtctcaaaaaacaaaaagaaaaacaaaTCAgccgggggtggtggcgcgcggctgtaatcccagctactctggagactgaggtgggaggatcgcttgagctcaggaattccaggctacagtgagccatgatggagccacagcactccagccgcggtgacacagcgagaccctaactcaaaacaaaGGGAGATCTGCGTGGGGAAGGGGTGTTTCCCTGCCCGGTCCTCTGGCCTCTGGCTCACAGCCGGGCCCCCTTCTCCGTATTCAGCCCTGGAACTACCCATAAGAGTGGGGGCGGGTCACAAGGGCCCGCGGTGGCTGGGAAACCTCAGGGCCTGTGGTGTCGCCGCGCAGGTCCAGGGTGGCGCGTGGCTGCTGAGCCCCCGCCTGTGCGACGCCCTCATGGCCATGGACGTCATGCTGTGCACCGCCTCCATCTTCAACCTGTGCGCCATCAGCGTGGACAGGTGcgccgccctccccgcccgcgccccggcgcccccgcgccccgcccgccgccctcaccgcggccTGTGCGCTGTCCGGCGCCCCCTCGGCGCTCCCCGCAGGTTCGTGGCCGTGGCCGTGCCGCTGCGCTACAACCGGCAGGGTGGGAGCCGCCGGCAGCTGCTGCTCATCGGCGCCACGTGGCTGCTGTCCGCGGCGGTGGCGGCGCCCGTACTGTGCGGCCTCAACGACGTGCGCG
>Human| chr2:229459011-229460510 | element 100036 | negative
aaaacattctcaacaggctggactacaagtcagcatttgtcacatgaaattgaataagaatagatttaaaattattcattgcagttctcactttgaactctataaatatggaactgaaggaagacagtgtctgtcttaaagtaattagtgtaaaaagaacctaagggttttgactgacagtaagattaatatgaaaagactgtgatgtggctggcagaaatgttaatggtttcttagattatataaatagaaacttagagtctagGTAATGTGTGGCAcatcagaatctctttggatactttctaaaatgcaggttcgtaggtcccatcccacatctactgaattatccaaggtctgggtgttgtgccctggaatctgtctttaacagtctcctgaggttactttgatgcTGAGATCCACCTCAGCGGATTAGTGTGGATAATAATGGAATAAGAAAAATAAAAACACAATGTCCTCACAGAGTATAAATGCTCAATAAACCATAATTTTAAGTATTCTTTAGGGCCATTTTTATTAGTTATATTGACACTTTTGTAAAATTCTTTATCCGGATCTAACTTTCTGTTAATCTTACAAGGGTGGCCTTTCCTGCCTGCCTTCCAGTCTTGTAACTTTCCTAAATGTGTCCTTTCTGCTTTCAACATATGCTAATTAGGACCTATTCTGTGTAAGATATTATCCTTGGCCATGCAGAGATTTTTTAGATGCCCTCAGTCAATATATCCACCAAGTATGGGAGTTTTGACCTGTATATAATTAACTATAAGAGAACTGAAGTGCCCTAGGGCCTGAGCAAACTTTCTGGAATTGCCTGTACCCTAGCAGTGCTGTGAAAATACACGATGCAGTAAGATGCAGCACAGAAATAAGCATTCATCTTCTGCTTTCTCTTAACAGAGGGCACTTTCTTCAACTAGGAGACCTTTGCCAGAGCATGTGAAGACCTTCTTGGCAAACACCAGCCATGCTCACTTCTCACCATCCCCCAGTGCCACCTACTCTCTGCTCAACACTCTCCATGCCCCTCCCAGAGCCATTGATCCCGTTCCACCAGAAGATCACATCTTAGAAATGCCCCAGACATCGTTGGACATTTCTTCATGCTTCATGAGCTTCAAAATCTTTTAAAAATTTAATGCGCTTATGAATCTCTAACAAGCTCCTAAATAACTTGTATGCTATTGTTAAAAAACTCCAAATATTAATAAGTATTAGTAAAATGTTGCTGTTAATAGTAAATCAGCTAAGCGTCAAAATGCTACCTGGAAAAGCAAGCAGAATAGACATTCCAATGTTAAAGGGCATCAAGAGCAAGACTCTTAAAGAGCCTATGAAATCATTTAAGTGTGAGATAAAAAGGTTGGGAATTTCATACATATTTAGCATTGCCTGAGAAATGTCTCTAAGTTTTTCTTTTTTCACTCTAGAATATTACCAAAGTTGCAGTTAATTACATTTCTGCTGCTACAAAAACATTTT
>Human| chr18:76119928-76121427 | element 100037 | negative
gaacacatggacacatcagggggaacaacacacactggggcctgttggggagggtgggagaagacagagcatcaggaagaatggctaagggatgctgggcttaatatctaggtgatgggttgacaggtgcagcaagtcaccacggcacatgtttacctgtgtaacatcctgcacatgtatcctggaacttaaaataaaagttgaagaaaataaaCAAACAAACAAggcagggcgtggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttaggaggccaaggcaggtggatcatgaggtcaagagatcaagaccatcctggctaacacattgaaaccccgtctctactagaaatgcaaaaattagctgggagtggtggcgggtgcctgtagttccagttactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaatggcatgaacccaggaggtggaacttgcagtgagcagagatcgcgccactgcactcctgcctgggcgacagagcgaaactccgtctcaaaaaaaagaaacagacaaacaaaaagaaaCACCAGGCACAGAGAGGCAAAGGGAACATTTAACAAGAAGATGTGAGGAAGGTGCAGAAGAGAACAACAGTCACGCGGTGCCTGCAGTGCAGCCCCAGTTGCAGTGGAGATTTTCTGGAAGAATAAAAGAGCTTTAGTTGCAGTGACATAGGACCGTCAgtttgaccatatcgagaaaatacaggatcctgtcggaaacgttaggggtgaattattgataaacatacagaagagtaagctaatgaaaagacaattactaattccaagaaaaaaagaaattggcacagaagagtatctgtactaggaaggtcagcagtgaataaacatacaaccatgtgagagtgtttctattatgatttaacaaaagtatcctaatgtgcatttggagaatgaagagagaggatgtgtgcttgtgtgtttatagggagggttaagagagctaaattctcttccttggtcagatcccatggataatgtttgaaatgagaacagaagacagtatgaggatgtgattttcatattagaaaccaaacgtcagatgaaacagcttctgggtttgaaaacgggttcctgtgggTCACAgattggcacgctttttctgtgaagaggcagacagcaaacatttgtggattttccacattcagtggaaaataattaattctagtgttacagcatgaaaacagacttagacaatacaaaagaaatgctcaggactgcagtccccaaagaaccatgatttacagaaatatctgctgatttgtatttggcccttggagggcatttgctgtcccTGCCTCTCAATAGGAGGTGAAATCTGGGGACTAGGGCCGTGTCTGCTGCTGCTTCACTGGTCTCGAGAATCGTCTGACttttaataatattttatatattCCTTGGGAAAGAAATCtaaatttaatttttttaaatatGACATTTggctgggcacagtggttcacacctgtaat
>Human| chr5:110997439-110998938 | element 100038 | negative
aagagtcatcttcactcctgtttccaacaagttcctcatttccatctgagaccacctagcctggactttattgtccatatcactatcggctttttggtcaaagccattcaacaagtctctgggaagtttctaactttcccacattttcctgtcttcttctgagccctccaaactgttccaacctctgcttcttacccagttccaaagtcaattccacatttttgggtatcttaataactgtaccccactttaccagtaccaatttactgtattagtctattttcatactgctatgaagaaatacccaagactgggtaatttataaagaaaaagaggtttaatggactcacagttccacatggcttgggaggcctcacaatcatggtggaagacaaaggaagagcaaaggtacatcttacataatggcaggcaagagagcatgtgcaggagaactgcccttcataaaaccatcagatctcatgagacttattcattatcacgagaacagcatgggaaaaacctgccccgaatgattcaattatctcccactgggtccctcccatgacatgtggggattatgtgagctacaaatcaagttgaaatttgggtggggacacagccaaatcacatAAACATCTTTTCCCATACAGAATTTAAAACTTTTACATAATCAAATATGTCTATTTTTTCTTTCACGGCTTTTAGATTTAATAGAGTATAAGTGTGTCTCCAGCACCTATGTAATATCTAAAATCTCTTAAATGTTTTGCTAATATTCTTAGTACtttattttttttaacttaatattatttttGACTTAATATTATTGGGGAAAATACATGAGAGTGATTCTCAGATCTTCTTTTTCTATATCTCCATTTTTCAAATTAGAAGTAACATTGATTTCTTTTTAATACACTTTTGAAGTACATTATCTACTGACCATTGAATACACTTTTGAAGTACATTATCTACTCAGGGTACAATCCAATTTTGTTAAGCATTCCATATTCTCAGATTATAAAACATTTTTCTTCTAGAAAAAAATAAGGATAACTGAAGTAATTCCAGAGCAAAGCAGTGATAAAGAAATTAAAATGATTGTAAGACTCCAGAAAGGAACGCTTAGATTCttatttatttcacaaatatttattggaggcattctgtctgccaaggaccatactaggttctgaagtgtaaaagggtaaagaagacagataccttcatggGATCTTTGTACAGGCACTAAACCAGGTATTGCAAGTGTGGTGAATAATACAGGGGGATAGGAAACtgttgcaggacttttctttagttcagctaaagacagggttcttctctgtcccacggccatgaaaatttgggctgtcagatggcttaaagggtgagtaaagtagggttttattgggtgaaaagggaaaaacctgaggaacagggactcttgcaaggccagagtccctctgttagagtgcttccctcctggcagtttgaatccca
>Human| chr7:89582699-89584198 | element 100039 | negative
GGAATATTCATTGTGATCATAAGCCTTAAGCACATTCTCAACCAAAACTGGCTAAATGAAAACAACCTAGATAAGAAGTTGCCATGTACAGCAAAATACAGATACACTGTCTGCACTTCATCCTTCAGACAAAAGAAACCCCTAGAGCAAAGGTTATTTCTTCTTTTGTGGAGCATTCAGAGCTTTCAGGACTACCAGACATCTAAAAGCCTACAGAAATTAAAAAAAAAAAATCAAATGGGAAATAGACCATGTTTATCCTCTCCCTTGCATATATATTTTTTTCATATTTCCTTTGTAATTCACTCATTTGGGGTCTGAGAAATTTCTTTATATGTCATTGTGGAGGTGCACTCATTCACAATGATTGCTTTCAAGCACATGACATGGCATCCACTTCACCCCCAACTCTCTGCTGCCTCAAGAAGACTGTCCTAGAGAAAGTTAACATCCTGATTCCTTTTATTTTTTTTTGGTCAAGAAATAAATCTTGAAATAAAAACTCCTGAACTTTCTACCCTGCCTAAAATTTTGGGCTAAATAAAATATCTTCTGAATTACCAATCCAACAAGAGAGAGATTTTTTAAAAGAGAGAAAAAGAGAACAACTCATCAGCAGAGCAGAAAAATCACAAATCACTAAACACAGGGCTATTTCCAGTTGCACCCATAAGCAGTGCTGCTAAAAACTAGGTCTCAATTCCACTGGGTCTAAGCCTTCCTCTTGCTCGAAGAAGCAGCTAAAACATTGTTCGTTCCCCACTTGCCTCAGAGACAGTGAGATTCTTGAGGCTTCTGTTTAGAAAAATTGTTACAGTCTCTCAATACGTCTGTGTTTTTATTATCACTGTTAATAATGAAAAACAAACTGTGGTCCTTCGTAGCTCCGATACACATGCTGATAACCAATCTACCTGAACACTATAAAATTCCTGGTAGTCTCAATAAATATTTGATAAAATAATAAAACTCTCACAGTTCTGAATTCTTTTCTACTTCCTATATGTTCAACTTCATATAGGGATTTCTGATTATAGAACTAGCATAAAAAGAGCCTTCTAAAATTTGGATTTATATTTAAATTCTGTTCTAGTGATGAAATTTCATTCCTAAGCTACAAACCAGCAAGATAAACCAGGCAAATCATTTTGCTTCATTTTTTCTTTTCATGCTCCCATCCTTAGACTTAAAATAATCCCAGCAGAAAATGATAAACCCTATTTCCTAGTATTCTATCATTAGACAGACTGTTCTAATAAGTAATATTTTAAGAAACAAAATAACCAAGAGTTCATTGATTAAACAAACAACTAGtttgttcaacaaatagttatagaatgctatttactatactcatatttttggcaatacagcaataaacaaatacacacaatcctttacctcatgcacattatcatctaaagggggagagaaacatttattacataaacttaaatatatCTATCTAcattcaaaaagtatttatcaagctcctttacg
>Human| chr19:11064551-11066050 | element 100040 | negative
taatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcgggcagatcacgaggtcaggagattgagaccatcctggctaacacggtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaaattagccaggcgtggtggcaggtgcctgtagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaatggcgtgaacacaggagacagagcttgcagtgagccgagatcccgctgctgcactccagcctgggcgacagagcaagactccgtctcaaataaaaaaaaaaaaaaagagagaTTCATTCATCTCATCTGTTGTGCATCTCAATAGtttattcctttttatttatttttttgagactgggtcttgctctgtggccctggctggagtgcagtgatgaaatcatgactcacacagccttgatctcctggcctcaagtgattctctctcctcagccttccgagtagctgggactataggcatgtgctgccacgcctcgcttatttttaaaagttttctagagatactgtctccctatgttggccaggctggtctaaaactcttgggctcaggcgatcctcctaccttggcctccaaaaatgctgggaatacaggcatgagccaccgcacccagTTTGGTGATTACTCTTGGTGGAGACCCAAAGTGCCATCATTCAGAGCCAGAATCTTAGAAGAGCTTAATAAATTCAACTTAAGATAAAACAATATAGCTAAAATAAAACACCTACAAAATTTCTAACAAATGTGGGCAGTCAGGTTTCCATATGTAGTTGGTAGAAGTGGGATGCTTAGTATAAACATGATGTGAAATGCTGGGGATTTCCTGAATTGTGTTAAAACCACAGCTACTGGATAAAATAAAGCTATTGCCCTGAGTTTCTGTCTTGGAAGAACTGTTTTCTGCATCGTACATCTCACTGCTAGGTTTACGGAAATCACCtttttttttttttttgagacagagtctccctctgtcacaaggctggagtgcagtggggcgatcttggctcactgcaacctcacttctgcctcctgggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggattacagatgcccgccaccacgcccagctaatttttctacttttagtagagacagggtttcaccatggtggccaggatggtctcgatctcttgacctcgtgatctgcccgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcctgagccCTGCCAAttccttttttttttggagatacagtcttgctctgtcgccctagctggagcgcaatggtgcgatctcagctcactgcaacctctgcctctggggtttaagcgattctcctgcttcagcgttctgagaagctgggattacaggcatgcgccaccacgccggccaatttttgtattttttgtagagacaggatttcaccatgttggtcaagctggccttgaactcctgaccgtgtgatctgcccgccttggcctcccaaagtgct
>Human| chr16:1854265-1855764 | element 100041 | negative
tatatatatatatatatatatatatatttagcatcttattaaaccccttgttcctgcctttagagggaaccatcgtcacccaccatgaattacgctgccagctgtgtttctcacggatgctatgggaggcagaatagtgctcaccgcaaagatggccacattctaacccctgggccctgggatgatgtgaggccacaccaacaagaggcggtgccaatttcaggtcagttccccaaaatggagtagcatggcttttccagatgaacctagggagctgcgcggtccttaaaagcagaggaggagttgccttgaggcacggaggactcgacctgctgttgctggctttgaagatggcaggaagggccacgagccaagggtgcctgtggaaaggatggggatacagagcctcccccagggcctctgcagggaacgcaaccctgcccacaccttccttttagtcccatgagacccatgtcaaactaccgacctccaaaccgcaaggtacacttgggttttggtttttgggtttgtttttttttttgagatggagtattgctctgtcacccaggctggaagtgcagtggcacgatcttgggtcactgcaacctccacctcctgggttcaggcacttctctggtctcagcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggcatgtgccaccacacctggataatttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttcgccatgttggccaggcttgtcgtgaactcctgacctcaagtgattcagccgcctcagcatcccaaagtgttgggatgacaggtgtgagccatacctggcctaaacttgtgttgttttaaatcactgaggtggcggtgacctatcccagcagcaattggaacctaacacagatggccttttccagctggggacttccccttctgttcctgggttgtgagagtctttatcaggaacaggtgtgggacttttgtgctgtgcttttctgcattgattgagatgtatcttgtgggtgcctttttttttttttttttttttggaaacaggctctggctgtttcccaggctagagtgcagtggcacgatctcagctcactggacttgcacctcctgggcgcaaatgatcctctggtttcagccttgtgagtagctaagaccataagcatgccctcccatccatgcctggctaatttttgttttttttgtttgtttattttggtagagacagggtttcgctatattgcccaggctagtcttgaactcctgggctcaagcaatccgcccacctcagcctcccaaagtgttgggattacaggcatctgtttttctattaatgtggcttatgacgttaagtgcttcgtagatgtttaagcaacctcactttgctgtgatacacccacgtggtcgtggtgtatgatgttgccgagtttgggttgctaatattttgttaaggatctttatgtctgtattcatgatggacattgttctgtggggtgggggcgc
>Human| chr10:18562739-18564238 | element 100042 | negative
GCAACACTTTGAAGAACATATTTATAAAATAGCTAAAATGAAATACCACATACTCTTTCATTCCTTTCAAGGTACAACTTTAACTACTAGATCCAGTTCATACCGTTTGTTTCTTCTTGTTGTTGGAATTTCTTCTTGTTGTTGTTGGAACCACAGGTCTGAACAAACACTGTTCTGTTGAATATCTAGAAGGAAAGACACAATTTGGATTTTGCTTTTCCAGAAAGTTCCACTCCTTGGGGGTCCTACTAACCTCTAACTTTGACATCATTATGGATGCTGCAGAAATAAGTCGGATGTCCTGGGCGCAATGGACTACATTGTGAAGCCTGTTGGCAACTTCCCTTATATAAGGTTAATTCGGGTGAAATAAATCAACCCGACTACTTATTTTGATGAAAATAAATGTCAGTCCAGAAAAAAAAAGAGGAGAGAGAAGGCACCTGCAGTGGAAAGGAATAAGAAAAGTATCTTGCAAACTGTTCAAACTGTAAGTAACTATCAGCACCCCTCAGCACCATTTTTATCTGAAAGAACACTGCAAATATCTTAAAAAGTGACTTAAGGTTGTGCAAGAAGCTTCCTCAACTTACTCCTGAACGCCTGCCTCTCAAATCTGAATATGGCAGCAGGACAGAAAGACCCTAGAATTTCTCACCTTGTATGTAAGCACTCTAAGCAAGGTTTGCCTATGAATTTTTGTTTGATTAAAGATGGGTGAAGAGAGGGTCAGAACTTCTCTATGTCACGACCTCTCTTCCTTCAGGGTTGTACATGTTTTAAAAGAGAAATCCACAATTTTTTTTTCTCATATAGTACACACCTTCACTTAATTTAGTCTTATGGCTTTAAAATGTATTATTTTAAATAACCTTTGGTCAATCCTCCTCAAAGCACCAATTTCATAGGATTTTCATTTCTGAACTATAGTTACAACATGCTTATAACCATTTAAAAATAATAGGATTCTTATTTCTATGGACCAAAAAAACACTTAAAATTTCAAAATGAATCCCCGCTTCAAAGGGAAAAACCATCAGGGCTGGAGGGTCCTTTTCTGATTTTTCATTTTTTTCTTCTCTGTATGATTTCTTATTACACAGTTTTATTTTTCCAATGAACTTAACTCTTGAGCCATGATTGACACTACAATCAGATTAAAGGATACTCTTTTAAAAGACACTGATTTGGACTCTACTCCACAAAAAAGGAGATGAAAGCTGGCTTTTTCTGACTTGATTGGCTGTTCTGTGTTTACCTTTTTAATGTCCTTGATGAGACAGGTGTTTCTCATGGCATTTTATGCAGTCAGTCAGTCAACCGGGATTTCACTCTGACAGCTGTGCTCCATCGCTATCTGGAGAAAATGGCAGCAGCTCAGAGTTCCTACAGATACCCCTGTGATTTGATTTCCAGCTATAGACTTTCGTTTTCTGCCAGGCCTCTGATGGGTCAGATTTAAGTACCAATGTGCCATCTAAATACTAGCTTTCTGAACTC
>Human| chr2:56500286-56501785 | element 100043 | negative
ctaaaagcaaagatgtagaaaatatggtataaaagataagaaaactaggagatcagtctgtgagtttcGGATCTAATATGAATTCTAGAAAGAGGCCACAAGGATGGGGGACAGGAAATTAACATAGAAATAATATTTTAAAATTCTCAAAACTGAAAGACGTGTTTCTAAAGGGTGCAGTGAGCACCTCAGTATATGGGAGGGGAAAGCCTAGCTCAAGGAAAACCATTGCAGTATTCCAATGATGGgaaaaaagaaagacataaacagaaaaaattggagttagactttataataataacactggattatagaaaacaaagggacaatgcctttaaaactgaggaagaattgctttcaacttaatatttcatacccatgaaaatgatcaatcaagtatgagattaattatattttcagaaataaaaatattttaaaatgtgtctttcatataaccttcttggaaggttactggaggatgtaacccagcaaaatgaatgagtgaaccaagaaaaaaggagaacatgggtttcagaatatatatatatatatatatatcacactagagaaaggaaaagggaagtcccaggacaacagctgtatagcagaactggggttggaagtaggaggacatggggtaactgtgaggagggagtctagaaaaaaatggagtttatagaatatctgatgtttgttcattatgaagaaaaatcgtttgttaggcataaggcatatctgatggcaaagattaataaaaaatgaattacaaactatgctagtgagaaaactgggcaattgttatctctatggaaagccctaaaatgatatataaaaactaaacatgatcaaagtagacAATACTAAATGTTTTAATTTAACTGTATCTGGAGGATGGGAGAGGTACTAAATCAGTTGATAAGTATAAAATAGCTATGCTGTACTAGTGAACTCTGTAAAACTACCCAACCCTTGTAGATCATTCATGAAATATCTATGTATTGTTTTCTTTACCCCTGCCCCTACCATTGGTCCCAGTCACTGTCTATCCCATGTTTCTTTTATACTGTTCTGCTTAACCTGtgtattagggttctacagagaagtagaaccaaaagtatgtgtgtgtatatatGTGTGTATGTAAGTGTGTGTATTatatatatagtgagagagttttgattttaagaaatgattgtgggggctgacaagtttgaaatttttagggctggctggcaggccatacatttaagcaacagttaatgttttaagttcaaaatccacagggcaggacaacaggctggaggctcaggtagggtttctgtgttgcagtcttgagggagaattgcttccttttcaggaaacctcagtctttgctcttagggctttcaaccgattggataaagcccacccacattgtggagggcaatctgcttcacttaaaatctatggattgtcagtgttaattacattcacaataccttcacagcagcatctagagta
>Human| chr1:150091571-150093070 | element 100044 | negative
ACAGGCCAAAAGAATTAGTGACAAAAATGCAGCCTTGACCTCAAGAGCTCTGCAGCACAGAAGTAGCTTTTTGAGAGACTAGGGAGATTAGAAAATGGTATACGTTTAGATTTGCCGCGATATTGCTCTCCTTTTACACTTAGAATCATGTAAGTCATGGTATGGTTGGCCATGTCTTACATGTCTTACATCCAAATCCATGGATTTGGATTAGTGGGTACCCCAATAAACAGGAAAGAAATGATATCTTGTCACTGTGTGATGTATTAATACAGAAGCTACTATCCTTCCAGAATAGGAAATGTCTATTGTGGAATATTTCTGGAATACAGGTCACTTGGTTTCCCTATTACAACTCTTAAATAAAATCTGAggccgggcgcggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcaggcggatcacctgaggtcgggagttcgagaccagcctgaccaacatggagaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacagaattagccaggtgtggtggcacatgcctataatcccagctactagggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacctaggaggcagaggttgcgatgagctgagatcgcgccatcgcactccagcctgggcaacaagagtgaaactccatctaaaaaaaaaataataaaaTCTGAGATTACTAAACAGATTTATTCTGCATGCAAATTTCAGAACTACCACTTACTAGTTTTTTTATTACTTAATCACTTAATGTAATGGGTAGATAGGTCAAAATTGATCTCCTGCATCCCAGAAAATAACAAGTACCCTTACCCGTCAGGTAGCAATTTTAGCAACCTTAATCATGGTTTCTCTATTTTTATTTCTGACATATATCAAGATCACTTTTACTGTAAATTGAAACAAAATCTTAGTTGTAAACAAAACTTAAAAATAAAGAAGAGAAAGCAATTATTCCTTTCCTCCCTAGTATATTTCCAAAAATGAACATAATTTTTAGTGTAAGAACAGAGCCTTTGTATAAGTAAGCTCGTCATCTTAAGCAAGGAGTCACCTGAAGATATAGGTCCCTTAGATCCTAATAGGAAATATACATTAGTTTAATCTGAAATTGAAGTTGCCATTCAAAGTTATCTTAAAGTGGCTCTTTCTTGCATACTTTATTTCTTTAAAACAGTTCTTTTGCGATAATATTTTTTAGTGATTCAGGCGCTGGTTGTAATGAAGCAGAGTTCTATATATGCAGGCCTTCCGTAGTTGTATGATTTGTTTCTATAGGGCCTGCTCTGATTAGCTGTAATTGTGATTATCTTTGTTTAGATTTAAACACCATTTAAAATAGAAGGCATGTATTTGCTGCTAAGACACCAAGGAACTTTGCAGAAGCAACTTATCTCCTTAGCAACAttctttttttttttttttttttgagtcagagtcttgctctgtggcccaggctggagtgcagtggcgcgatctcggctcactgcaagcttc
>Human| chr10:3330755-3332254 | element 100045 | negative
GTGAGCCAGGAGGAGTTTGGAGGAAAGACCTGCTGAGATGAGCAGCTGCGGCCTGAGCCTTCCTCCCCTCCTCCCCTCTGGGCTCTTTCTCCCGTCCAGGCGGACGCTGCCCCTGCACTGACCATCAGAGCCAGATCCAGGGGACAGTCCCCATCCTAGTCCCCTAGGCCCCCACGGCCACCGTCAACCTCAGGCCCCTCTGTTAACACCTTCCTTTGCTTGGTGTCGGGGACACAGCAGTCCCTGGTTTCTTCAGCAGGTGCACCCTCTGCACACATGCTACTCACCTTGCTCCTCCTCATGCTCTGACACCGAGGCTTCTCCATGCTCCACCACCGAGAGGGCTTCCATTAAAGTCTACGCCCAGGTCACGTCCCCGTCTCCCCTGCTCCCCTGAACAGCACACCTGTGTCCGTTTTCCACTAGACAACTGCACAATTTTGTTTCGGACTCAGAGGGGAGAAACTCCCATTTTTCCCCTCCATCCAGGAAAGCTGGACTTGGTCTCCCCAAGTTAATAACCAGGGTCCCCCCTCTTCCAGTTGCCCAGGCCCAAATACTCAGAACAGAGGGATCGTCAggctgagtggtgtcccccaaaattcatacacagaggcctgttcccagggctgcgagatgtagctgcgtctggagaccgggcatttacagatgtgatttgggtaaaataaggccgcatgggtaggtcctcacccagcaggactggcatccttataaaaagaggcagttaagacccagatgcacacagagggatggccctgtgaggacacagtgagaaggcagccCCTGCACACGGACACCCTGACCTCAGATCCAGCCCCCCCGAGAAGGAAAGAATGAGTGTCTTCTGGGGAAGCCGCCTGGTCTATAGCCCTGGGCACTAACACCAgcctctccttaaaaaatgactaaggatttcagggttgcccaggagagcaccgagcccaacacagggcccttctAGAGGCAGCTGCTGGGTTCTGTTGTCAACACAATCATCCCTGCGATCCtttcttttttactcattttgctttgttttttagagacggggtcttgctctgtcacccaggctgaagtgcagtggcatgaacagggctcatggaagcctcgacctccccagctcaagtgatcctccctcctcagcctcctagggtgttggattgcaggtgtgagccacggcgcccCATAGGCACAatccttttaaatctctggtcagattccctcgcttctcctctcagatcttcttggtgccttcccacctcactccaagcaaaacacaaaacctgtgtcacagtctgcaagcattccagtggcgagtcccaccagccccaccccaccgtctaccggctctgtccccaccagctttttccagccactccctctgcaggggacgtcctccatcgcacatccacaggcctgtgtccttccttgcgccactcctcaaatgtcatgctgccctcccgtaaggcatcaccgcccccg
>Human| chr17:63902395-63903894 | element 100046 | negative
gactaggggagggatagcattaggagaaatacctaatgtaggtgacgggttgatgggtgcagcaaaccaccatgtcacgtgtatacctatgtaacaaatctgcaggttctgcacatggatcccagaacttaaagtataataataaTAATAATAAAGAGTTAGAAAATCAACAATGTATTTCTAACCATAAATGTATTGTTATTTAGAAGAAGAAAAGTATGCAAACTCTTGAACATATACACTTATAACAATAATGTATAAATAATAAGGCAAAATGTATTTTGCATCTCAGAATTGTGATGTGTTATAGTGaatttatatttatttaaaatttaGGGGTTTTCCCCATATTATTCTACTATTGGCAATATTCAGAAAAAATAGTATAAACATTTTCTCCTAATACATACTATACCGAGTAAGAAAGTTTTCTTTATTTAAAATAAATGTGTATGCTTTGTTCTGTGTCTCACAGAACTATGTTAATCCCAACAAAAGAGAGATTTCATATTGTATTGCTGTTATGACATTTTGCTCAGGAAGCTGAGTGAATGAATGACTGAGATGGAATATTTTTAGTTCTTGGACATGTTATTTCTACTCAGCGTTATACCAACAAGGATCATTATAATAAAATTATAAACTTAAATCAAAATCATTTAAGCATGTAACACACTGAAGGGAAATGGGAGGTAGAAAGTTCTATTGAGATCTTCTTGAAAGCCTCAGAAATATTGGGAGAAGGGATGTGACTTAAAATTGGTTAAAAGCAAAATATTTTACAATATTCTAGAATGAGAAAAGTAACCAAATGAGCTATAATTGGGGCAAAAGAATTGCAGAATTTTCTCCCAACAGAAAACACATGACTAGAACTAGCTGTGAGATCGTTAGTAATGATACCTCCTTGTTCTGTACTCTAGTAGTAATGTACTTTCACAGTAACTTTCTAAACAGAGACATTTGAAGTTTCTTATAGACTCATCAATGATCATGCCCATGTTCAAATTTCACTTTATTCATTTTTAAAAATCAGGAAAAAAAGGAAATAGCGGTTATCACATTTCAAGCATAAACATAAATAGTCATAAATGATTGTTAGTTTGATATTTTGCCAGGGCCTATTGCTCATGATTCTACTTAATGAACAAATCTCAAGGTTGCCAAAGCCTTTTAAATATCATTCACTTTTACCTCTCCTGCTTGAACAGAGAATAAGGAGGATAATTTTCAATTTAAAATGCAATAGCTCAGGCTTGTCTGCTAAGTCCAACACTACATGGCTAACTTCTGGATGTCATGAGCCCTTTCTGGTCTTTTCCTAGGCTTCCGCACCATCAGCATCTTCTAGCAAGGGTGTCTTCTCCAGATAAATGGTAGGGTCCAGAGGAGAAACCCTAATGTTGGGGGAATATCTTGACGATGGTATTCATAACTACAAAGAATGTCATCAAGGTAGATATGTAAATAAAAAGTTTTACTGGTGCCTAGCCCCATCCA
>Human| chr7:56120358-56121857 | element 100047 | negative
CATTCACAGTCCGGGCTAAAGGGCTGTAATTGTATATTAAAGTTAATTATTTTAAAACTTGAAAAATTAAGAGAGGTTGACACAATCACATGGGCAAAATGCATGAGGATGATttttcttttcttttctttttttttttttttaattagacgaagtctcgctctgtcgaccagcctggagtccggtggcacaatctcaactcactgcaacctctccctcccgggttcaagcgattcttctgtctcagtctcccaagtagctaggattacaggctcgcgccactacgcccagttgatttttgtatttttagtagagacaggatttcaccgtgttggccaggctggtcttgaacgcctgacttcaggcgatccccccgcatcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattaccaggcccgtgcccagcTGGGTTTTCTCTTTTTAAAACAGCAGTTTCTCTGTTAGGTCTCATCTCTATCTCCAACTGGAGGGGAGATAAATCTGTCTCTTTGCAAGTCTTAGGGATGGAGAATATTAGATTATTGAGGGGAGTATGCTTTTTACTCATCCCTAAATTCCCAAAACTTAGCAGTTCAAATCCAAGAAAAGGAAATTATTTCCTGCTGATTTGAGTTCAGAATAATATGTAGGGTTTTGCTAGTGGTATACCATGCCATCAACATCCAGATGAAATATCTTTAGTAAGGACTTGCTAACCTAGGAGGTGTAGTTTTTGTTTTTAGTGGGCTCAGTGGTGGCCCGTGTTTGAAAAGTGGAGCCACAGTTAAACTTGACTTCAGAATTGTTTGGGggctaggtgtggtggcttatgcttgtaatcgcagcactttggcaggccaaggtaggtggatcatttgaggccaggagttcacgaccagccctggccaacatggttaaaactccgactcagctaaaaatacaaaaattagccgggtgtggtcctgcacgcctgtagtcccagctgcttcagaggctgaggcaggagaatcgatcgcttaaacctgggagactgaggtttcggtgagccaagattgtgccactgcattccagtgtaggagacagagtgagggtatctccaaaacaaaacaaaaaaTTATTTGGGTTTTAGTGTGTGAGAAATACAGCGTAGGTAGAGAGAAGCACATTGAACatttacaatttaagaaataattataaaatggacacacacaaccaccactgtagctaataaattgttgctaccacctcagaagtctcGTCCCATTGGAACCTCTCTCCAATCTCCAGAAGTCTGTTTTTCAGTTTTCTTTGAAAAAATTACAAACCTACAAAAATAATTATAATGTGTGTGCCCTTTAGGAGATACCTGGCTTATTCTCACTAGAGCTCTACACTTGCCATAAAGAGGCAAGGATGTACAATTATGTGTTActgttaactggtagctctgtcatcttgagtaaacttctactgagcctcaagcttcctcatctgtaaagtagagata
>Human| chr16:57823748-57825247 | element 100048 | negative
agcgattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtaggtggggttacagatgtgcgccatcacacctggctaatttttgtatttttaatagagacagggtttcaccacgttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctgacttcaagtgatccacctgcctcgacctctcaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccactgcgcctggccAtttttttttgctttctttttctttctttctttctttctttcttttttttttttttttttaaagacagagtttcactctgtggcccaggctggagggcaatagcacaatagcagctcactgcaaccttgacttcctgggctcaagcaatccccctgcctcagcctcccaagtagcagagactacaggtacacaccaccatgactggctgatttttgtattttttgtgtagagatggggttttgccatgtttcccaggctggtctcaaactcctgggctcaagcgatcctcctgcctcagcctcccaaagtgtcaggactacaagcatgagccaccatgcccagcttttttttttttttttttCATATCAACAGAGGTTATCTTGGAAGAGAGATAGCAAACAATTTCTGTGTGTCTTTGTGACCTTTAAATTCAAAACAAAAAAAATAAGCCACTCTTTTAAAAGTGCTCAGTCTAAAAAATAaacacgtagtctagaggcggcaaggcccgtgtgtgaagcctggctcttcctcggctaagctgtgtgacggtcggcaagttgcttaccttcttgaagctgcattctcctcattcttaaaataaaaatggtaataacaggaccgcctcattgagcttgtgtgaagagtaacagacaactgcagccaagtccccagaaggtgcctggcacatagtgagggcttgatatgaggtagctattatCAGGACATGATTCCTGTAATCTTCACATTTTTTTACTTTGACAATCAAAAAGCCAATACAGATAATTGAAAAGACAAGAAAAGTGACATCAGCAGGCTCCTTAGCCCAAAATTCACCCCCTCCCTCTCTCGACCCAGAGCTCCACTTGAGAAGGGCGGGTGGCAGACACACCTCTTATATTTAGGAATATTCCTgctgggcgcagtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgagaggctgaggcgggtggatcacctgaggttaggacttcgagagcagcatggccagcatggtgaaaccctgtctctacaaaaaatggaaaaaaaattagccgggcgtggtgcctgtaattgcagatacttgggaagctgaggcagaagaatcgcttgaacccaggaggtggaggttgcagtgcgctgagattgcaccactgtaatccagcctgggtgacaactcaagactctgtctcaaaaagaaaatagaaaaTTCCCTCCAACTTAATTTTGACCCCACCCTGTGACCAACTGCCACACCATCGCGAGCAGGCTTGTGAGCCATGGCGGCAAGGACAGCAGC
>Human| chr17:41935321-41936820 | element 100049 | negative
CAAGAAGAGACTGTGCCCTCCGAGGCCAGCACTCCAACGGAGGGGGCTGCAGCATCGCACTTCAGGCAACAGAAGCCCCTCCTGGCCCCTCCTCCCTCTGCTGTTTACTGAGATGCCTCCACTCCATTCCTTTAAACACAAGGGCAGGAAAGCGGAGCTACCATTGCCTTCTTTCCTGGCGCCAGTGAGGACAAAAGACTCAGGCCTGGTCACCCCAAGGAGGGTCTGGGGTGGAAATGGGACTTTGGGCTGTGGCTTAGGAAGCAGCTGTTGTTGTCTCAGGAAGCTCAACAGGGCCAAAGGTAGCAGAGGAGAGTAAGGGAAAAGTCATGGAGACACACGGATGGATGGACGGTGGGTGCCACTGGCCACCTCCAAGCCCGGCCTCCTGGCTCTGCGGGCTAGGGCCTGGGTCTCACCCCACCTAGCTCCAGAAGAGGGGCTGGGGTCCAAGGAGGCTGAGAGCGCCGGAACCAGCCACAGCTCCCATGCTACTGCCTTCTGGCAACCCTGAGAAGGGCTGCTTTGGGCTTTTTCCTGCCTGAGGCTCCTGACCCTGGCTCTGCTGAAGAGGGAGGGGACAGGAAGGGGCACAGGGCCAGCAGGCAGAGGGGCTCTAGGGGGCGGCCCCTTGTTGAGGGAAAGATGGAACAGGGCCTCCCAAGAGGGTCAGAGGCAAGAACCCTGTAAACACGATCAGGTGGGTGCTTCTGCTTTTTCTTGATTATTTCCCTTGTGGCTTCTCCATAGGATTTAGCAGAGTCTGGAGATGGAATTGAAGGGGTTTGGGGCTTTCTTTGTCCACATTCGGGTCAAAGAGGGAGGGGGATGCATTACTTATACTTTGAGAGGCCTCACAGGGGTGTGAAAACCCTGAGGGAAGTCTTAGGGGTCAGACCAGCATTTTCTTTCCCTAAGAGATCTTGCTAGAAGGACTGCCATCCATCCATTCGTCTGCCTCatcttttattgaacacctactacgtgtcaggggctttatatatgccaacgaatcctcatcattcccatacgaggtagagtttagtatccccttcattttgcagatgaagaaatacaggctcagagagaaaagggaaattgcccagtgacccagcctgaaagaggcagaactggggaggctgacaggtctatggggctggctgcagagccctctgcgtcctccaccccgctgcactgAAGTACAAGGGGTTTGAGGAATGGAGCCAAGTTCGCAGCCCAAGACTCCTCCCCCAGACTCAGGAGAAAGACCCTGGGACAGCTGCAGACCCTCACTCCTGGAAATGAATAGCCTGCTAAGCTCCGATCAGAACTCAGCCCTGGCTTCCCAAGACTTCCCTCTTTCTTTATTAGGTTTATTACTAGTACCTAGAAGCAGAGCTCTGATATATATCTTGCATATTTAGCAACCCAGAAAATGCCTCCATGCTTGCTGGAACAGGGCCGATCGTCCACAGTGGAGGCAGAGGGGCAGGGGAGAGG
>Human| chr11:88058642-88060141 | element 100050 | negative
TACTTATTTGTGAAATGGCTTTTTTCACTATTTAGCCCCAAGGAAGTCTTTAGGCTTGAAAGAcaagttctagcattttacagttagaaactctgtgagcttagcactgtaagagattaattttctctatctataaaatgaaactagttatatctactttacagaacttttgtagcttatagtatgtcaacttcttagcacaaagcttgTACCTAATGAAAAAAGAAAAGAAAAAAAATAGGGTGTTTACGATACCATCTTTCTGGCCAGAGGTACTGGAGGTCTATAATCTGTAGAAGTATACTATAGCAGTCTGACATATCTGAGAAAGCCTCTTTTTTCCCTTCTTTAAATATGTCCTCCATAGGACCATCTTCCCTTCAATAACTTATATCTGTGAATCTCAAGAGATCCAAGGGCCTTATTTTCTCCTTACAACAGGCTCTTGGGTTCCTCAAGGTAATTAGAGAAAGGAAAGACACTCAGGCAGACAGTTAAACTGTGAATAAAATTTACGCTGTGAATAAAACAAAACATACACTTCAAATCCTGACAATCTTAGAAAAAAATCACTGTAATAGAAGGGATTTCAAAAGAGAAAAAGAACAACGTGTTGTATATTGTTCCTTTTATTAAAAAACTGAACGGTGAAGCCACCCAAGATTTTGCATCTTCAGAATTTTTTTTTCCTTTCTCCTGTGTAGTCTCTGGTTGTTCACATTCCAAAATGATGTTTACTGTTTTCCAAGGGAGTGTTCAGGAGGGCAGCTGCCTTGGAGGTAGGTCACCAGGACTCCTTTGCATTTTGCATGCAAATAAAGACTCCAGAAGGGACTGTAGCTGCTAGAGGCCTTTGCTAGCTGCTACAGGTAGGTCCACACTGTCGCAGGCTGCTCTGTCTCTTAGCCCCAACGTCTGTTCATGGCTGTGGTTTTAAAAGAGTCCCTCAACAGATGCTCTATTTAATAACTACAAGACAATAAAAACTAGGGTTACAAGCCAACAAGGATCATATTGTCTCTTAATATTTAATCATATCAGTTTCTTTAAGTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATACCAGCACTGATATTTGAGATCCTGGTATATTTTTGTAAATGTTAAGACATTCACAGGAAAGATGCCATTCTGAAGCTAAATGCTTAAGCAACATGTACTGCACATGCAACCAACATGCTTTAGAAGCACATGCATCTGAAGGTAACTGCCACTGAAAAAAACGAATATGTTTCTGAAACATACTTAAGAAACAGGCTAAATATAGTAACTTAGATACATTAACATGTATACCTTGCAAACTTTAATTTAGGCTCAGTGCTGCCTGAATCCACATGACTAGGTACTAGGCTATTTATCCCATTTACACAACAAATTACCAGGGTTTATCTTTTCTACTGGTGGAGCGGTCTCCCTAACTAGGAGAAAGAGTGAAGAGTTAAGGATAAAATTTTGTAAACTGTATTTTGAGAACAGCTTATTTTTCGTGGAAA
>Human| chr1:68576232-68577731 | element 100051 | negative
gattgcaagccttattaaaaagctaaagtaattaaaacagtatggttttgaggtaaggataatcaaattagccagtggaacagactaagaagcccccaaaaatctctgtctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctccatatatatatgtgtgtgtatgtgtatgtatatatatgtttgtatatatatgtgtgtatatatatatatatttgctcgataaaggatattgtgttgtagatcatgagtggcttattcaataaatggtgctgagagcattagttatccatataggaaaaaaattaaagaggctccttattctcttacatacaaaaattaatttttgatggaacagaatcttaaatatggaaggcaaagtcttaaaactttttgaagaaatttagaatatttttataatcttgaaatttatttaaagaatttttttgaaagacacaagtacccattaaaaaagaaaacattggtaaatcaactacaCAAATCATCAAAGATACCATAAATGAAAACATAAGGAATTCATATCTAGATTAATCTTGAccgtggtcttaagacttccagcctcctgaatagtaggaagtaaatgtctgttgtttaagccactccatctatagtatttttgttatagtagcctgagctaagacaGCTTTATATAAGCCTTTGGGGACCATAGATGAACTACATCACTTGGTTCTAGCATGTTCTGTGGTTTCAATGCAGAAACCTAGAGAATAACTAAGGCTGGGAGAAAGAAGGACCACACTGGTGGGAGAAGCTGGTGACAAGTGGTAAGGAGTGGGCAACCTGGGTACTAATTCTTGTTTTTTCTTCCCCAGCCTTGTGGTCTTGGCCAAATCACCGGGCCTGCTGTCTTTTCTGTAGAGAGAAGGGCTGCTCGGTTCTCATTTGGATTCAACCTTTCCAATGCAGCATTTAAACACGGAGGAGGGATTTTTTTGGTTGTCACAAGGACTGGGGGACCCTGCTGGCTAAATATCCTCCAATGTGTGAGACAGTTGCACCCTAAATGCCAGTGTGCCCCTATTGAGAAACATCCTCTCTATAACAGTCCTTTGAACGAGCCCTTTACATCTCTCTACACATACATGATGTTTGCTGGTGGGTCGGGAAACATTTGGATACTTTATGAAGCATGCAGGTCTCCACCCAAACCCACAGGTCAGATGGCTGCTGTCCAAACTTTAGGATCTTTAGGGCTGCAGATGAGATGCTCTGTTCTGGTGTATGTCCTGCTTGGGGGGCTGCCCCTCCTTGCCAGAAGAAGATTTAGTTGAATTCAATTGAAGTGTACTATTACCAACCATTTGCTCCCTTGTTCTGACAGCCAGCAGGAGCAGAAAACTGGCTTGCTCTGGTACTAACTGCATTCTCAGAACCGTGCATGCAGTGCTTTATCGTTCTGTTCAAAGCTAAGCAGTGCCCTCCTTGGGACACTCTGGGAATGTACAGTATTCATTGCTCTA
>Human| chr15:25955438-25956937 | element 100052 | negative
GCTGGGCAGGGACAGTCGAGAGCTCTGTGCTGCAGGACGCTGAGGCTGCATCTGGGTCGGGGCAGGAGCAGGAGGCTAAGGGGCACAGCTCCAGGTGCAGTCTGCGAAGATGACTCCAGTGCCCACTGACCCCAGACACAGCAGGGCCGAGACAGCTGCACCTGACAGTGGGCTGCACCTGATGTTCCCACCAGGAGACAGCTGGCGAGTGGTGCTTGCAGACCCACAGAGAGGCCCTCAGAGGGATGAGGGTAGCCTCTCTTCATGATTTTACCACGTGCTTTAAAATTGCTCCAAGTGATATTTCCATTTCTTCTAAGCTTTACAAGCGATATTTCCCCAATAAGGAGTTATCTTATTAAAATGGCAAACTAACGTGCAGTCCCTGCTTGTACATGCATGTACTCATCATGCAAAAAACATATACTGATTACTGCATGGTATCAATGTGTGAGGCCCACGCTAGGCAGTGGGCTACGGCCATCTCTCTGTCCTTGCTCTGGGAGAAGGCAGAGTGGCCTGAGGTTTACACCTTAAAGACCACTCCAAGTAGCAACGCCACCAAAGCATAAGCAAGTGGATCTTAACAAGAAGGAGCCAGAGACTTGGGAAAGGTACCGAGTGGACGCTGGACATCAATGTAACAGCAGGCACTGAGCTAGGGGCTCATGTGGGGACTTCccgtgagaggcaggcactgtgatttcctttgtagatgggaaactgaggcacagagtgagtgactcgtccagggtcatcccagccgtaagtgtagacctgggatttgaacagagatctgTGAGAATGGGTTGGGGTGGAGTCCCTGCTTGTTGCCTGACACCACACCTGCCAGGGCAGGTGAGCCATGGCCCCATCCTGCTGATATCATACAGTCACATCCACTATCTGCTCAGCCAACTCGGGCCTCTTCTGGTGAAAGTGTTTCGAGCCCTCTGAAGAGGGCATCAGATTAAGTCTGGAGTGGGACACCTCTGTGCCCTCCTCAGTTTGTCACCTACACACAGGTAGTAAGTTGATTTACACAGGCAGAGCGATTCCCAGGCACAGTGAGCCCTCTGCAATGAGTCTGCACCTATCCACACCCCTCCACCGCTCCCCAAGTAAAAGGCGAATGATCTGTGCATAAGGGCAGGCGGTCACAGGTGGGTAACTTCGAGGGGACTCCAGGGCCCTCCTGTAGTCGTTCTCTTGGGAAACTGCTGGGGTCTCTGAACTTCCTGAACCTTAACCTGCCCAGTGTTGACACGTAGATCTTCCCTATCCAAAGCTGACTTCATGCACTGCTTGGAAATTCCCAGAGGAAGGCGGAGATCAACACAAGCCCTTGATTAACTTTTCCTATCAATGTCATGGTTTTGATAAGGTGAGAGTTGAGACAATGTCATTACCTGGCCCTTCCATGATGCCATGGATTTGAGGTTCTTTTTCTTATCTGCAGTTACCTGGTTATGGGAAGCTCCCTTCCTGAGACCCAGAGCA
>Human| chr2:184093475-184094974 | element 100053 | negative
gtggcacgatcttggctcactgcgacctccgcctcccaggttcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctcctgaatagagtagctgggatgacaggcgcctggcaccatgcccagctaattttttttctttttttaatagagatggggttttgccacattggccaggctggtcttgaacttctgatctcaggtgatctggcccacctcggccttctaaagtgttgggattacaggtgtgagccactgtgcccggcccttcattcctttttattgcctaataatagtctgttgtatgaatatatcacattttaaaagtctatcagttgatgaaATTGGAGGTAAGTGCGGACTTTGTAATAAAATGGAAGCAACATTTTTAAAGTTGTGCTGCAGCTTGAacagagagagagagtaaaatggttgagcaaaagagtggaaaattgaatctgagttgtaaaaagtcaatgttttttttaaagaaaacaaatgtctaatactcaattgtaaactttctatagtgttgatatgctgtctcccttgctcttacctctgaatctctattgaagtcagtcactgacagctgacatgtaaatttgttgagagaatgaggaagaaatccaggagatggggccatgttccatgtttgggttgacaccagtgaacaagacttataggaatcacagaaagcagagaagagaacaaaatttcagaagaagtaggaagttaatcagagaaaacccagaaaagtcttgagactttattacactcatagggaaggcactggaaattccacaaatcattcacaaaagtttcagtggtatttatgtacatctttagatgcagggaagccctagttggcatGCGAAGACCACAATGAATGAATCACTACTGTGAAATATGACTAAAGCGTTTAAAAAACATTTATAAGTAAATCAGTTATTTAGGAAGAGTGGttttcttttttctttctttctttcttcttcttctttttttttttAAAATACATGATGACCTCAGTTGTCCCTGAgcatccattggtctgggtttggtttgggaagaataagaaaaaaatgcaaaaagaacaaagacaatatttaactgcccatgttcaaaattaagattttgcagattttaaaagcaggctgttgtcttgagaaaggattttttttttttttataagacagtcttgctctgtcacctagactggagtgcagtggcacaatcttggctcactgtaacctctgtctccctgtctcaagcgattctttcacctcagcctcctgagtagctgggactacaggtatgcagcaccacttcaggctaatttttgtattttttgtagaggtggggtttcatcatgttgcccaagctggtctcgaactccagacctcaagcaatctgcccgccttggactcccaaagtgctggggttgcgggagtgagccacgatgctcagcctcagaaaggattttctaaattcCAAATGAAATAGCTCTCTGTTCT
>Human| chr6:55282733-55284232 | element 100054 | negative
TAGAACACCATAATTCAGGAAAATTTTTAAATACCGATGGTTTAAGATTATCCATTATTTCCTATAACTTATACACAATGTCTCAATTAAAAGCTAGTTCAAGTAAAAGAAATGAGATGAGAAGAAGTGAGAAGACAGAAAGGAAAAAAGAACAGGGTGCTACAGGGTATTAAAAATTGTACCTCTTggctgggtgcggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggcgggtggatcaagaggtcaggagatcgagaccatcatgcccaatatggtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggtgtggtggtgcctgcctgtaatcccagctactcgagaggctgaggcatgagaatcacttgaacccaacaggcggaggttgcagtgagccaagatcgcaccactgcactccagcctggcgacagtgagactccgtttcaaaaaaaaaaaaTTATACCTCTTTTCCTCTTTTCATCTCCTATATTATCTTAACTCTGTTGCAGGTAGAAGACAAGAGAGACAAGAGAGTTATTATTATGGTAGAAAGAACCTCAAATATAAAACCACCTGTAAGACAACACTTTTGTAGACTTTGTAGGCTAGTTGCCTCATTATCATCTTGCAAGTCATTGTTATTATTGCCACAGATCAATCAGAGAAGACAACCCCAAATCAGATATTTCCCCACATTTGATTCTATTGGCTGGTCAAATATAATCCCTTTTGTTAAGATCCATAAGAAGCTAAGATTTCTGAACTAGAAGTAGTTGGATTTCCATTAGTAAATGATTTCTTTGTATATCACAGACATTGAATCCAGTATCTAGATATGTTCTTTTTTATTACATAGCTGCTAGAAACCTTAGAGTTCCATTTGCACCTAATCTTTAGAAAGTATTCTTGATTGTACatatttttatatttttatttttCAGTATCTGTATTTGCCTTCATTGTCACCATTACTTATAATAATATTGCTACTAGTGGTAGGTGTATAGAGTaggataggttgggttattctacagtaacaagcaacaatggagtatcagtggattacgataacaaaaatttatttcttgctcacactacaagcccattacaggtcagctcatactgttctattgccttcactgggaggccaaggctgacaaaacaacttttctctgggatattactagaaggaaactaaagattatagcaaagcacatgtttcattttaaaacttctgtctaggagtaacacgtcttccctgctcacactttgctgcctaaatcagcaaggcaAGGAACTGTACTCTTCCCCAAGAGAAGCCAAGGGACACCAGGGGATAACAATACAGTCAAACAAAATAGGTTGCATTTACTTAAGTAattattcaatgcatcattcatgcaatatttatatatttaatactcatcagacttctgtttggtatgtactaggtttttcttcattttatacatgaacaataa
>Human| chr2:2751231-2752730 | element 100055 | negative
AGCAGGGCAGCTCAGCTCTTCCCAGAGCCGGCCTTTCCCTCTTCCGGTTCCTATGGCCATACTTCCAAGGCGATAAAACATTTGAAAGAAAGTATTGGAACTATTATATATTAGCAAAAATATACAGTCTGCATGTATTCTACTTGAGGATATAACACCGATTTTTGGAAGGATCAATAAGGAAATAAGCTGACCAGTAATTACTTTTTTTTTCTTTCagtaaaacagatgctgttttgaattatggctctgccattcactggtgatgcgatttgtcaaatcaccaaacatccctaaaccgcaatttcctcatctaaaaataggaccaggcatgcctgtaccaagggtattatgaggaataaattaggacatacgatctgagcacctagagggcctcacacTTGTGGTTTCTCTTTGTTTCACACTGAACATGAGTGTTATTCACCACCATTCGCAGGATCTAAACTGGGAGCTCCGTCCCTTCAGGAAGAGCCAGGGAGCAACTGTGTAAGAGGAGCCTGGGTTTCCCACTGACCCCTGAGATTTCCATGGGCCTGGTCTTCCCAGAGGGCCCCTGGGCTTTCCACAGGCATGCCCAGATTTGCCAAGAATGCTGTGTGCACACTCATCTCAGCAGGGCAGGCCCATCAGGGAACACGGCCACCTTTAATAACCCTGGAGCGGGAGGTGGGACAATCAACAAGCCTGCCTGCTGCAGCTGGTTGGGCCTGGGTTCATGTTCCTCATGAGAGGTGGCTGGAGCTCGTGGAGAGACCAGGCGGGGGGCCCACAGCCTGCAGCCCaccctggcagtgccagtcctcagcccagcaactctggtcagcccgtgcaatctctctgtgcgtccatttcctcatttgcaaatggagtagttgatgcactttgtgttgaaattgaataagatggtgtgtgGTGTGTGTGGCCAAGAGCAGAGCTCTCTCCTCTCCCGGTGGGTGGGTGGGTGCTGGTGCCTTTCTCACTGCCGTGCACACCTGGAACACCTGCCTTCTTCATTCAGAGCCAGGGCCTCTGCGCTCCCCTGAGAGCCTCATCATACCTGAGCTTGGTGACCTGCCCTGCCTTTGCTCTCCGGATGACAGCATGAGGCCACCACAGTGACCAGCCACCTCATGAGGGCCCCTGTGCGTCAATCAGCTGGAGTTGGCAGACGCCAGGTCTACTTTGCCATAGGCAGGGCCATTCAGCGAGTCTTTCTCCTTTCAGCAAATCCCTCAAGGGCAGTGAGTCTGCTTATGCTTAACCAGAGACACACCCTGCCTGGCCCTGGGGCTGGGCAGTGGGCGATGCTGTGGCTGGAGGAGGAGCTGGGCAGCTGCATGCTGGAGAGGTGAGGCCCACCTGGGAGGGGAGGCTCAGGAAGACCTTCACTCCAGGAGGCTCCATGCACGTGTGAGGACTGCAGCAGGGCCCAGAGCCAGCTCTCAGAACCAGGGGCAGGCCAGGCAGAGGCAGTGCATG
>Human| chr1:168111538-168113037 | element 100056 | negative
ttaggaaagggcatctttgTCAAGCTATCTTCCAATTCTGCCACAACAATATAAAGAATTTCAGggccaggcacaatggatcgtgcctataatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggtgggaggataatttgagcccaggagttcaagaccagcttagccaaaatagcaagaccttgtctctaaagaaaaagaaaaaTCATTTTTAAAGAAGTTTTTAAAAAACAAATTTTTGggccgcgtgcggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggtgggcagatcacctgaagtcaggtgttcgagatcagcctggccaacatggcgaaaccccatctctactaaaaaaaaaaatacaaaaattagctaggcatggtggctcatgcctgtagtcccagttacttgggaggctgaggtaggagaattgcttgaacccaggagatggaggttgcagtgagctgagatcctgccactgcactccagcctgggcaacagagtgagactccggctcaaaacaaaaaTTTCAAGTGAGTTTAGAATATAATATTTTGATGGCACTTTCCTAGTGGGATATGTTCTTAGGACAAAAAGAATCTCAAAAAAAAAACAAAACTCAATCTCACTCAGTTCTCTTATGTCAGTGGTACTCTGGTATTGTTGTCTGAAACAATTAAGATACATAGAAAAAggccgggcgtggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcaggcggatcttgaggtcaggagatcgagaccatcctggctaacacagtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaaaaaattagccgggtgtggtggcgggcacctgtagtctcagctactccggaggctgagccaggagaatggcgtgaacccaggcagcggagcttgcagtgagccgagatcgtgcaactgcactccagcctgggagaaagagcgagactccgtctcaaaaaaagaaaaaaaTACACACACACATAGAAAAAAGCAAATAAGTAATTACCTTTATGTTGTGGGACCTGTGATTTTTCGCAAGGAAAAAAATATAAAAGTGTATAGGTAAGTAAAAACCTACCTGCAAAGAATAATTTGCGTTTGCCAACCCTAACCACTCAAAAGGCAAGAAGAAATGAGAACACagaaggagtgagcactcctgtagcaatgaacactgctagcaagcagacgtagtcttaaaataccacttctcattaagaggaactaaggctccttgcagaaatggcttattccaggtctgaactttatatgcttttttttaaaaaaaaaaaacaaaacatataaaatgaatctggaatatctttgtgtaccagaaaagagatttcaaagaccaatggggtcattttgaaaagatacaagagctgatctgaagggacaatttgaacatcaaaaagaataagaagccaggcacagtggttcatgcctgtaatcccagtactttggaaggctgaa
>Human| chr11:2581714-2583213 | element 100057 | negative
GCGGGTGATGTTCATCCTTGGGGGACGGGGGAAGGTGATGTTCCTTCTGGGGGGGCGGGGGGGGGTGACGTCCATCCTGGGGGAGACAGTAACATCCCAAACATGGGGGATGATGTCCAGAGTGGGGGTCTTCAGGTCTTTACGGGCCCCTCAGCCTCCCCTTCCACACCCCAAGTACAGCACCCACAAGGCAGGTGCCTGGGAGGGAGACACACCTGTCCCCTGCCTGAAGTTTCTCAGCAGGATTTTGGGCACAAGGTGGGTAGTGAGCTGGTCTCAGCACTGAGCTTGCAGGTGGAGAAGGCGGGCCCCTGACTTTAGGGCGCTCTGGGTGGGATGAGGACAGACGTGGAGGAAAGGAGGGATCCCAGCAGAGGCAGCAGTGGATGGGGGAGGGCTTCACTGCAGGGAGAGTGAGGCTGCGCGGTGCCCTGCAGGACAGATAGGAACTcccaggcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcgggcggatcacgaggtcaggagatcgagaccatcctggctaacacggtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaaattagccgggcgaggtggcgggcgcctgtagtcccagctactcgggaggctgaggcagtagaatggtgtgaaccccagggggtggagcctgcagtgagccgagattgcgccactgcactccagcctgggcgacagcgagactccgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaaaagaaaaaaAAGGAACTCCCAGGGTGGAGCTGTGGACAGATAGGAACTTCCACAGCCAGGAAGGCCAGGTGACGTGGAGGGCCCCAGGCAGCTGGGCCAGCACGGGACGGGGCGTCAGGTCAGCGGGGCTCTTCTGTGCTGTGTGCAGCATGAGAGTCTGTACCCCACCTGTACTCAGGACCCTGCCCCCCGAGGACAAGGTCGCTTCCCTCTTGAGCACATGGGACACCACCTTCCTGCTACACTATTCCCATGCCCTTTCCACAGGCCCAGGCCACTGTTGtcatttcgccctccccacagtcctaggaggtgggcactgctggtgccccattttacaggtgtggatgctgagcacagagaggctgagctgctcgtctgggtcccccgcctgggatgccaccagtgtcctcacaccagcctgctcctgccctgtgcccatcctcctcctgctTAGCGATCCTTTCTCTTGCTAATGTGTGGGACAAGGGGCTCTCAGGGGGCCTGGCCAAGGTAGCGGGTCCCCCCACCATACTCCCAGTGCCACCCCTGGCTGCCTGGAGCTAGCTGTGCAGGGGCCCAGAAGCCCTCCCCTCCGAGGAGGTGGGCCTGTTCCAGGCTACCTTGGGCGGGCAGGGCCTTGGGTGGCCAGGGCCTCAGGAGGGACACAGAGGGCCCCACTCAAGGTCACGGGCTGCACGTTCCATGGGGCCTGGGGAAGCAGCCGAGCAGAAGGATGCAGCCCGACTAAGGCTGCCTCAGG
>Human| chr14:99637600-99639099 | element 100058 | negative
CATTTAACTACTTCCTTTTGTTTCTTTTTCTCAAAGGTTGTCAAACAACCCTTTTTCTCCTGTACAATAGGACTTAACATACAAATGTGTTTTTTTTGCAATATTTTATCCTGCCAAATTAAAAAAATATATTATGGCAGCCTGTTTGTTTTTGTTTTTTTTTTCTTTTTATTTCCAAATTCACTAACAAAAAGGTACATTAAATCCCTTTAAAAGGACAAGCTTACAGTTAAAAAATTACGAGCTCCAGTAAAAATACAGCAAGTGCCTACATCATATGAACCAACCAATATATCCATTCCAGAGGGAGGCGGGAAGAGAAAAATAAGTACAGGTCAGAAATGTGATTTTTTTTTTTTCTGCAAAGCAATAACAATATTAAGCACTTTTTTTCTACATACTTTTTCTACATGGTGTAGCAATCCCCTTTGAATCCCCAAATACAAGTTTCTATACATTTTTTTTGAAATAAAAATTCAACACCCAAGGCAGAAAAAAATTTACTAAAACTCCGACTTTACAGTTACTGTAACAAGAACAAATTTATAGACCCACCATTTAAATTTTACTGCAACATTTTCAAGGAAAAGAAAAGGGTATTTTTTTTCTTGTTTTGTAAAATGCCCAGGCATTCTCGATTATTACAAATACTGGTCCACTTTTACAGTAATCAAGaaattttaatatatataatatataCTAAAACCCCGTCACCAAAAGAAAACAATATACACGCGGCCACTGTGGCATTTTTGTATAACCTATTAAGCAAACTTTGAAAAAAAAAGATCGCTCCAACACACATACACACAATTTTTTTTTTACCCTTGTATGTACCCAATACTGTAAACGTATTTTTAAGACAGAGTGCACTAAATTTAACTTTAGAAAAAATTAGCCGTTGTTCCTGAATTGTTTTTGTTTTGCTTTTCATTCAACGATATCAACTTGTAACTTGTGTCACTTGAGTTTTAATTCAGCAGTAAATCACCTCCACTCCATATCTAAGCAGCGTTGTCCCAAAAACAAAAGGGGCTGAGGATAATTCAGCTAATGGATGTCCAAGGTTGTGCTGGGTTTATTTCTTCATTTGATTGGGTCTTATGGCATTTCATATCCTCTATCTTCAACCAGAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTACTTAAAGTAAATGTGGCTTTGTTAGTTTCTAAAGAATGTACTTTTCTTGTTTTACTTTTTTAAAAAGTCTTTTCATTTCAAAAAAAAAGTTTTGCATTTGTCTCAAGAGACTCAAATAGGAAGATCAGTTTTCAAGGCACTCACATCAAATTGAATGGCAGTAGAAAAACTGTCCtataaattattattttattttGTTCTTTATAGTGCCAGTATTGTGAATGCCACGCTTAGCAATACTGACACTCAATCTCAGCTGTCCCTTACAGTTTAACCCACCTCTGGGCCAAAGAGAAGAATATGCTGCAATTTCTTGTTTAGAAGCCATTTAATTTAAATGCAAACAAAA
>Human| chr15:41545997-41547496 | element 100059 | negative
tttgaaacagggtctcactctgtcacccaggctcgagggcagtgatgttaccatggctccttgcagccttgaccttctaggctcaaacaatcctcccgcttcagcttcccaagtagctgggactacaggcacgtgccaccatgcctggctaattttttttttttttttaaactttttagagatgtggtcttgctctgttgcccaggctggtctcgaactcctagcctgaagcagttcttccaccttggcctccaaaagtgctgggattataggctgagctgccatacccagccCTCTTTCTTTTTAACTTTAATACTTTTAGCAATACTGTCCTTGATCTGGGTGACTGGAACTACATTATATATACAATCTAAATTCTAAGAGTAGAGTTAGAAAGTATCAAAGGACAGGTCCATCGGAAGGCCAAGTGTACACCTCCTTATTGAGACTGAAGTTCAGGCTAGGTTGTGCATCACCACTTGATACTAGACTTGGTATTTAAACTGCCTTTTCTCAGCTAAAGTTTCTTAAGCTTGTTAGACATTAAACTGAAGTATGTAGCCATGCAATTCAAATCAGCCTTAGTCTTAATTTAAAAGTGAGTAGTTATTGTTTCTTGACCTCTGTCAGACAGGAGGAGCTACATTTTGATGATAGTGTAGACTTTGTATTACAGAACAAATTATGTAATAAAAGCTTAGTACATGTTTGTTGAATTAAATAATCAGGACCTCGGTAATTTTCTCTTTCATCATCTTAAGCAATCCAGTTATCTTATGAATGACTTCTTCTGGTTCATGCATTGATATAAAATTATTACACTAAATGGTCAAGAAGGACTAGAATCCAGGATGATTGTTCCAGAGCTTTGTGTTCAGTCCACTAGGTCAGTTTCTACCTGTGTCACCAAATGTGGTGGAGAAGAGCTTGCTGAGTTAATTAAGCACCACGTAAACGTTAAACCACAAGAGGAAAAGAGCGTGAAGTCTCCTGGGTACAGTAGGAGTATTTTATTATCTTCCGTCTTTGCTAGCATATATTACAAAGAGGGTGGAGGTATACATTTTATCTGTCTGTAAGTAAACTTCTTGAAGGCAGGAGTAAAATCTAGTTTATAATCTTTTTTTTAACtttttatctggaaataattttaaacttgaagttacaagaacaatacaagataacttttattctgatacccagattcaccaattgttaacattttgtcacatacttcactgtttatttcctatagaaaggacattctcagatcaaaatcaagaaagttgcattttgaaacagtaccattatgtaatattccatattttatatggtccatgcttcattttcacatattatccaataatgtccttatagcagtttttttcctagtccgggatcatgtgttgggttttgttgtgtgtctctttagcccccccttgatctggaacaatcctctgcttttctttgtcctccatgacattgatatttttgaagact
>Human| chr2:152301182-152302681 | element 100060 | negative
TCATTTACATTCTTAAATAGCTCCCCACTGTTAGAATGATCCAGAGGCCCTTTTTATTGTATGAGTTTTTGCTGGAATGCTGTGTATGTATAGTAGAAGACTTTGGAGTTGGCCCTGGGATTCATTTTTAGAACTTAAACATAGTGCAtaatttccccagattgcaattaacaaattacagccaactggtgacttaaaactacagggatttattctctcaccgttctggagaccagctatccaaaatcaaggagttggtaggattggtttctcctggagctctgagacagaatctgttcatgcctctcagcttctggtggttgctggcaatccttgaccttccttgggttgtagctgcatcacttgactatgcctccatcttcacatggtattgttgtctgtgcctatccaaattttcctcttacagaaaagactgttcattggattggggctgaccctaatccagtaggacctcatctgaacatatgcaaagactttatttccaaataagactacatgcgtaggttcgaggggttaagagttaaacttattttgaatctcatcattggggaacacagttttgcccaCTACTTATAAATAAGTTATGTTACTACTTAGGATTAGAATAAGATGGTAATTTGTCTAACTTCATTATTTTTCTTGTTTTAGACCAATGAAGTAAATCAAGGTGATGCCTTAGAACATAATTTTAGTGCCATCTATGGTGCATTGACTTTACCAGTAAACCACATTTTTTCAGAACAGAGATTTCCAGTGGTAAGGCATTGTCAAGTATTGATTTCCGAGGGATTTGTATTTTTCTGAAAATATTATTTCATCCTTTATAATCAGCTTCCACAATGATTTGtttttctttttctttttctcttttttttttgagacagtctcacattgtcgtccaggcttggagtacagtggtgcaatctcagcttactgcaacctctgccttctgggttcaagcagttctcctgtctctgcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggaccatgccactgcgcccagctaatttttgtatttttagtagaaatggagtttcaccatattggtcagtttcacctgacctcaagtgatccacctgccttggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccactgtgcccagccCACAATAATTTCTAAAATAAGACTTCTTTATGACTTTATTACTAGCTTAGGAGAATGATGAAGGGCGAGAGAAGTTCTTTTGGATCTTTGATAATTTTTGGTATCATGGCCTTATTTCCTCTCTTCAGTTAGACCTCTGGGATGTGGGGGAAAGGTTATTACCCTGTGTTAGTCTCttttttattttgagacagtttcactcttgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggggcaatcttggctcactgcaacctctacctcctgggttcaagcaattctcctacctcagcctcccgagtagctgggattacaggcatccgccacttcgtccg
>Human| chr2:226403463-226404962 | element 100061 | negative
tgagattttcttttcttttcttttcttttcttttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttgtttttattattatactttaagttctgggatacatgtgcagaacatgcaggcttgtcacataggtatacacgtgccatggtgacttgctgcacccaacaacccgtcatctacattagatatttctcctaatgctatccctcccctagcccttcacctcctgacaggccctggtgtgtcatgttcccctccccgtgtctgtgtgttctcattgttcaattcccacttatgagtgagaacatgtggtgtttagttttctgttcctgtgttagtttgctgagaatgatgatttctagcttcatccacgtccttgcaaaagatataaacacatcctttttatggctgcatagtattccatgctgtatatgtgccacattttcttaatccagtctatcattgatgggcatttgggttggttccaagtctttgctatttgtgaatagtgctgcaataaacatacatgtgcatgtgtctttatagtagaatgatttataatcctttgggtatatacccagtaatgggattgctgggtcaaatggtatttcttgttctagatccttgaggaattgccacactgtcttccacaatggttgaactaatttatactcccattaacaatgtaaaaccattcctgtttctccacatcctctccagcatctattgattcctgacattttaatgattgccattctaactggtgtgagatggtatctcattattgttttgatttgcatttttctaatgaccagtgttgatgagcttattttcatgtttcttggccacataaatgtcttcttttgagaagtgtctgttcatctcctttgaccactttttgttggggttgtttgattttttttttctgataaatttgtgaagttctttgtagattctggatattagtcctttgtcagatggatagattgcaaaaattttctgaaaatgggattttcttttctatcacattgtcaggctgcaaattttccaaacttttatgctctgcttcccttataaaatggaatgcttttaacagaacccaagtcaactcttgaatgctttgctgcttagaaatttcttctgccagatacccttaatcatctctctcaagttcaaagttccacatatctctagggcaggggcaaaatgctgtcagtctcttagctaaaacataacaagcatcacttttgctccagttcccaacaatttcctcatttccatctgagaccacgtcagcctggaccttattgttcatataattatcagcatttttgtcaaagccattcaacaaatatcttggaaattcaaaattttcccaagttttcctgtcttcttctgagccctcaaaactgttccaacctctgcctgttacccagttccaaagtcgcttccacttattcagatat
>Human| chr19:29497706-29499205 | element 100062 | negative
atggggccttgccatgttgcccaggctggtctggaacttctggcctcaagctatcctcctcccgccctggccactcaccgtgctgagattatgggcatgagccacAGTACCTACTCAAAAGCTTCTTAAATCAGATCTGGGCTGGAACTGGACTCCAAAATGTGGGAACTAACACATGTTTTATCAGGCTGCCAGCTGAGGGGACTTTGCTGAATTTGTGGTCTCAAGACCCTGGGAGTGACAGCTCTCCTCCCTTCCCGCCCCCcacacaccagacacacacacacacgcacacagacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacaGAGTCACCAGTCAGGTATGCAGAGATGAGAAATGAGCTGAAGATCCCACCTGCTGAGGTCCTGAGACTCCTGGCCACACAGaacaatagctcctattccctgagcacctactatgtgccacacacagctctaggtggctttgtaAAATGGCCCGTTGGTCAAATTTACATAACAGGGATGTAGCACCTTCCCGCAGCTCATTTTCTAGAGAGGATGCCCCTCTTCCAGCCTGAGGAGCCGCTGTCAATGCCAGGGAGCTCTCCTCTAGTTGTAACCAAGTGGACGCTCATTCAGCCTGGGCCACTTACATTCTCTTTCTGGGGGATGGGGAACTGGGCTCAGAAATACATAGAGGCCATTGAGAGGCAGGCCCCAGCCACCCAAGCCTGGGCTGGTACTTGCAGATGGGAGCTCCAGGTTTCCTACCTACAGAGAGAGGAAAATGAACCAGCAAATGTACAGAGAGGATAAGGAATAGAGGAGGGTGCGGGATGGAGCTGTTGATCACCAAAGCTCCAGACAGATTCCAGCCCTCAGCTCCCAGCCTTCCTGAGAACCCACCTTCCCGTAGCTGCACTGACTCCATGGATGTTCTATTGTACTGGGTGCTGCTGGGGGCCAGGCCTTGTGGCCTTGTTCCAGGGCCCAGTGTGCAGTACTCCCTGTCCAGGGCACTTCCACTCTAATGGGCtctgtgaggcacgtccattcttttaaataaatctttgtttactggagtgagcccaagtagatttctatttcctgcacccaagaGATGTGTCATGAGGACCaggttggtatggattttctcagtctacagaagatgactgggaggctccgaagaggcgagaagtggcccaaggtcacccagacgcagagctggACAttttatttttatttttatttgtttttttatgaacaaggtctcactctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggtgtgatcatggctcaatgcagcctctacctcctgggttcaagcgatcctcccacctcagtctcccttgcagctgggatcacaggtgtgcgccactgtactcagctaattAAAAAAAAAAAATTATAgaaacagggtctcactttgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggttcgatggtggctcactacagcctcaatctcctgagctcaa
>Human| chr10:22915215-22916714 | element 100063 | negative
CAGAGCTTTTCTCATATACTGAATTAATCATGTTTTCCTGGTGAGTTATGTTCTTTAGCCTAAGAGACTATTTCTAAAAATGCATGTTGTTAAAAGAATAAAAGCCAAGAGACAACTCAAGTTTTGTCTAAAGAAATAATTGTTTAGCAAGTAATATTTCAAAGCTATTGTATTCAGAACACGAGGATATTGTTTATAAGACATACCACACTACATTTCTTACATAATTTTCTTTTGTGCCTGAAAATGTTTCTGAAAATTGAGGAGAATAAGGATGAGCTACCCAGTACAGTAAGTTGTTACAAAGATTTTTCACTTTAGGTTTTAGCACACCTATATTCCATCATCACACTGAAGTGCAGAAAATCACTTCCCGGTATAGATACAAATTTACTTCATATTTTAATGTAAAGTATAGGGGTGTGGTTTATAAAACAACCATAAGCTCAATTTCTTTTTCATAGCTGAAAACAGGATATTTTCATCTATATTTAGACGCATGTATACTCACAAAAAAATACTTTAGCTTTACAAATAACAAAAATAACAAGTACTTTCTTTTAGCCTAGTAAAAAACAACTGTCACAGTTTCATGACTCATTTTCAAAAATATGTCATGCCAATTAATATATATCTCCTACCCACAAATATTCCTATTCACAAACTGTCAAGAGAACAAAACTGCTACTAGTTGTTTTCATTACTTTAGGAAAAAGGGCATTTGCCATCACATGAGTTTTGCATAAATAATTCTCTCTTCTCCCCATCTCCTCCCACGCATTCTATGTATTCTATCAACTATAAAAAAAAGATGAGCAAAATAAACCAGAGAATTAGACGTCAGAGAATCCTAATTCCTAATTAGATCAATTAACATTAATTTCTCATTCTCCATATGCTATGAACATGAATCAAGCATGCAATCTACCCAGATTTAATCCAGGCAGTTCTCACTACATTTTAAACCTGGAAACCTCTAAAAATTCTTCTGAATCATTTGAGGCTAACAGTTTTCATCAAGATAAAATGCAGACTGTGAGTATTTAACTCTCACAGTCTCTCCCACCAAACCACCCAGCATCACACACATATTCCTAGGAACAGCATAGATTGCCCTAAGTGATCTCTCAAAGGTTATTAGGTGAATAATACAGATCTTAAATAGCGTATTAGTTTCTTTAATATTTTCTCACAAATATCTCTTTTACATAAACTCTAATACATTGCCTTTCCCTGCTCATCAAGAATGTGAAAGAAATACTGAAAATAGACCTGCATTTGTTTAACCAAAAGCTAATATGTAATaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGATAAGGAAAGCCACTGGCTGTGGCTTTGTACAAACCTGCTGGGATACATGACACATTGTGCTTTCATTGCTGCCACCTCACCATGCAAGGGCTTTGCCTGTGTGCAAGGTCTTTTACTGTCAAATTTAAGAATCCCCATGATATTCTTTATTTG
>Human| chr2:96509340-96510839 | element 100064 | negative
ccatcaagctataaaatagttcagcaagagagaaaaagggaacaaagaactcataaaacaatcagaaaaaaaattacaaagtggcagtagcaagtccttccctataaataattaccttgatagtaagtgcattacattgtcaaataaaaggacatagagcatctcaatggatagaataaaaaacaagattcaatcatgtgctgcctacaagagactcactttaccagtcaagacatatataggctgaaactgaaaagatgaaaaaagatattccatgcaaatgcaaactaaaatagagcaggggagctatacttattattaaaagaaataaactaagtcaaaacctataaaagagatacggttcactgcataatgataaaggagttaattcatcacgaagacataatacttgtaaatatatatgcactcaaggtcacaagacctaaattcataaagcaattattaaataatctcatgagaaaaatatactgcaatactataatagtaggagacctcaataccccaatttcaaccatggaaagatcatttagaaagataataaattaagaaacattagatttgaattatactttggagcaactggatctaacagatatacccagaacatcctatccaacagcagaagtgtacctgttcttctgaaatgtgagtggaacattctccagtatatatcatatgttaggccacaaaacagatcttaacaaatattagagaattgaattatagaaagaaaatttttgcatcccaatggcataaagctagaaatcagtaacacaagaaatcttgaaaaatacataaaatggcaaaatttaacatattaataaatggcccatgagttacagaaaaaattaaaaaacgtattttaagacacacaaaaatgaaaacacaacataccaaaacttatagaatgtagttaaataaatcattatacctcaatgaactagatgagaaacaaagccaagaattagcagaaataagaaaatagcaaagattaaagtggaaataaataaaatagatatgagaaacccaatggaaagaattaatactgaacttctttttaaggcgataaacaaaatcaaccaatccgtatctagactaactagaaaaaggactattccaacaaataagatcagaaatgaaataggagaaaatacaacttaactctaaaatacaaaggattacaattgttcatataatgaacatttgtatgccaacaatttggataacatagaagaaataaaaacatttccacaaatatacaacttaccaagactgaatcaagaagaaacagaaaatctgaatggactaataaataataaggaaattgaagcagaatttccttttttttttttgaagcggagttttgcttttgttgcccaaggtagcgtgtaatggcacaatctcggctaactgcagcctccacctcccaggttcaagcaattctcctacctcagcctcccaagtagctgggattacagg
>Human| chr6:142804240-142805739 | element 100065 | negative
GGGGAATAACTCAAAGTACAGTACTCTGGTGTAAAGGGATCTTCATGATGCATGGTTGCGAAATGTCTGGACTCATTAAGTGCTGAGCTTTCCAAGGCTTGCCATTGTGTAAGACACCTGTTCTGAATATGTTTATAGAGAGGGTGTGAGGTGGGCATTACATCGTGGGGTCATGCTGCTTTCTGTTTCTACTTCCCTTCAAACTGCATTTTACTCATTCGTTCTTTGGCCATTTGGGGCCATGGCTTCAGGATCAAATACGTTGTAGAGATATAAAGATTATTCTTCCCATGATAGCTCACAGAAAGACAAATAAATCAGCATGTAATACCTCCTTAGGTTGTTAAGCCAAATGCTTTAGGGGAAATAACCATTTTGTCTTGAGTTAAGTAGCCCTATCTACAAGCACTCTGTTTTAAACACCAAATCTACACCAAGCCTGAATGACTTCAggctacatggtggagaggaaggaacatgtttttgcctcctgtgcacctcgcttccaatcccagctctaatacaaggtcagtgtttgatccttagcaagttccccatctctgagattctcactctcattatctgtgaaatgggactaataccaaatacttgttggactatttgtattaatattagaaacagtgcacataaagtatcttgtaccaacgaagtgcttgCAAGAGTAGTTATTATAACTATGATTACATGAAAATGTGGCTTACCCTTGGACAATTCTGAAAAGAAAAATTTAAAAATTCTCCAACTGACTAAAAGAGAAGGAATGTTGAGAGATAAAAATaaggaagaaagaaaggaagacagaaagagaaagaaTAACAAAATACGatgaatgaatgaatgaatgaatacatgaaAACAAAAGAAaaaggaaggaaggaaggaaggaaaggaaaggaaAAGCATTTATGGAATAGCCTATTAAGATTTTGGAGACATAAGTTGTGTTTCCAGTGAAAATTTAGACATAGACCCTTAAGTTATCAATTTCCTTAGCTGCAAATTGAGGGTATTGTCTAAGGGTGAGTTTTGGGAAGCAGCCATTCCTGACTTGGGGAAAAGAGGATGTTGGTTCTATGGGCTAAATGGTCAGCACCCCTCTCCTCTCCCCACTCCCAGTGGAAACTGTGCACATTTCACCTGAAGGCACATATTTCTCAGGTTGACATTTCTGCTACAGtgtattagtcagggctctgcagagaaaaagaaccaataagatgacatctatataagatgacatggtttggctgtgtccccacccaaatctcattttgaagtgtagctcccataattcctgtgtgttgcaggagggacccggtaggagttaattgaatcatgggtttttccggtgctgctctcatgatagtgaataagtctcacaagagctgatggttttatgaagggcagttcccctgcacatgctctcttgcctgccgccatgttaagatgtgactttgcttctcctttgccttcaaccat
>Human| chr10:126330433-126331932 | element 100066 | negative
cttggcacaccgcgactcgctggttcctccagaacccccaggaggcctgtgccagtgatactattttatagttgaggaaacagaggcctagagaggctgaggaacctgctaaggtcacccagctggagagccggaagcctaaagcaggtaCACAACTGAACAAATGGCGTGCGTGCATACACGTGTGCATACATGCCCACCCTGAGAACGTGAGTGTTCCTCGAGGAAGAATAAGCCATCGGAGCCCTAACTGACAGTCACCACAAGTGCAGTCAGTGGCTGTGCCGGGCAGGCTCAGACCACAGGGCGGCCACTTCTGTCTCTCACCCTCAAGAACAGTAGCCCTCCCTGCTGAGAGGCTTTACGGGCAAGCTGCCATGCCAGCAGGTCCTAGAGATCTTAACAAAGGCACGGGCTCCAGGGAAGGAGAGGACAGCCAGAGCGCCATGCGTGTGAACACGTCCACAGTGACGGGTCTCACTCTCACACCAACGCCTCTCCGGTGGTTGTGACAAAAGCAAGCCAGTTTCAAGGGTGGGGCAGTGAAGGCAGTGACTCTACCAAAACAGAAGGGCAGCCCGGCATAGCCCAGATGTCACCTTCTCAAGCCTGATGACTCCCATCTGCAGAAGCTGCCCGGTGGCCCAACAGGCAGATGGGTGCTCAGGCTGGCTTGCAGGTGTCCCGCTCTGCCACAGCAGCCAGAATGGTTGCCATCCTTCGGCAGCAATGTCCCTGAGTGAACACGGAACCTGAAATCCCCGTGAGTCAGGATCCCCGAGACACAGGGGCACGTGCAACTGCCGATCACAGAAGCTTTCAGACAGTGACTCCAGGCAGAAAGGGTGGCCTTCTCTTCTTATGCAGTGGAATTGGTTCTCATTGTAAAATTAAATAGGAGCCAAGAATTGTCCCCATAACTGTTCCTGCAGGGTGGAGGTCGGTCTAGGAGAAACCTCTTGAAGCTGCAGCACACGGCTCTCTGGCAGTCCGGCAAGACTGCCTTTCTCCTTTCCGCATTACATGCACTCCTCTCCTTCCTTCTTTCATCTCTACCACTGTCTCCTCTAAGTAAGACCCCACAGTGTTTTCATGAAAGCAAGAAAAACGGACATTCCTGACGGTATCGTGGGACCTGTCGAGGCAGAATCGCTCACATATGCCTTTTTTCTCACTGTTAGCTTGAGATGATCTTAAAGAAAGAAAAGAAAGAGCACGAAAAGGACACACAAAACACAAACAAAAATGTCTCTTCCTAGATGGCCGACAGGAAATAAAGCTGTCTGTCTCTGGAGAGAAACGTCAATTGTTGGAACGCTCAGGTTAAGGGAGAATCACAGAATCAAGGATCACACTCACCCAGCTGAAAGCAAGAAAGCAACTTCCAATTGATTGAGGGGAAAAAAATTAATTGCAGCTTTAGAAAAATCTCTTCTGTGAGGCTGGGCTGTGGGGCCATTGAAGCCCAGGCGGCTCGGCAGGGCCCTCAGCAGTTCTCCC
>Human| chr16:87828711-87830210 | element 100067 | negative
CAGGAGACTGTTGCCATTCCCTGCAGTGACACTCCAGAAACCAGGCAGCCGACGGTCCCAGAGGGGCGAGTCTAAAGGGAGGCACTGCCAGGTGGGGTATCCCAGGCTGCAGGACACCCACGGAGAGGCTGAGGGTTCCGGCCAGAGAAAGGAATAGAGCAGAGCCCTCTGATTGCTCCTTCCTACAAAGTCTAGGTGGACGTCCTCAACAGCAGGTCGCTTTGCTGAGGGGACTGTCTTCAAGGGGAAGCAGCCAGAGAAATCTACCACGACCTAAACCAGCCCTCACACTTAGTCTTCGGCACATGCCAAAGGTGTTCCCTGCGTTAGTCTCCACTGCTGCCGCGCTTCCCTCCCAGCAAGCTCAAGAAAAGCCTGGCCCTGTGTGTATCAACCGCATGGTCCCCCTTTGATCTCTCTGGCCCAGCTGCCGGGCCCTGGCTCGCCACTGGGGAGGCCCTCAGTCCTCTCGCATTGATCCTTCCAGTGAGGCCACGGGAAAGCCTTTGGCACTGGGTGCTGTAGGGCACATGAGCTGGGGTCAGAGCCTTGGACCACCAACTGCAAGGGGTGCTGTGGAGGGCTCTCTGGAGACCCCCACAGCACTGAGGCTCTCGTCCCCCGACCAGGAGTTTCTCCACAAATTGTTCTCCAGGAACTGCCCTTGGCTAAAGCAATGTCACGTCCCAGGCCATGGTCCCTCCCTGGTGGCCCATGTGGAATCACTCGTCAGTGTCATATGAGAAGAATTGTATGCTCAGACCCTGTAACCCAAGGCAGCTGCCTGCTTGCCAGTGTTGTCTCAGAGCCTGTTTGTTGCAGCAACAAAAAGCACAGGCATCTCGGGGGCTTGAAAACTCAGGCTTCTTTCTCGTGTACATCAAGTCCGCTGGGGGTCCAGGAGGTTCCCCAGGGTAGCTGCTGCCAGGGGAGGGCCCACACATGACCCACGCCAACCCCTGCTTGCCCAGCCATCATGCAGAGGACAGAGGAAGGCGAACCCCAGCAAATAAGGGCTTCCACCAAGAAGCGACACCCATTGCCTCCACTCTGAGCCCACTGGCCTTCCCGAAGTCTAAGACTAGAATTCCTGCCTGTGCATAAAGAACTGGGGATTGGTGAACCGCCATCAGATCTGCCAGATGTTTCAGGAAAGTGAACATTTGTTTACATCTGTGTGGATTGGGCTACCTCCTTCTAGACAGAGCCCGGTCCCCTCAGCCTCACTGCCCtctttttattttattttatttttttgagacggagtttcactctttttttttttttttttttttttgagacggagtctcgctctatcacccaggctggagtacagtagcacgatcttcgctcactgcaagctccgcctcccgggttcacaccgttctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgtgactacaggtgcccgccaccctgcctggctaatttttcgtatttttagtacagacggggtatcatcgtgttagccaggatggtccc
>Human| chr8:123386369-123387868 | element 100068 | negative
AACTAAGTTACTCAAATTAGCCAAAAAAATCTAATTTTTGAGACCCTCATCTGATGGTTACTTAAAAAAAAGTGAGAACTCAGAAAGAAATTCAATATTGAAATGAGAAAATCATTTATTTTCATAAAAATTTTGGAATGACCATGTTTTCATTACGTCTTGCCAAGCTTTATTCTCAAGATAAACATGGCTGAGATTAGAAGGGCAGTGTGATGTATAAGGCAATTGCCTAAGAGCCGGAGGACTGGAGTTCGGTCCATGGTTCCTATGATGACTTGGTTTGTGGCCAGAGCAAATTTCCTCATGGCAGCTTGGACATCACCAATAGAGTGGAGGTCCAAGAGAAATGCCTCTTAGACTTATTCAGTGTTAGTCATAATCATATCAATCATGAGTGGGTTCATTTTCTATCAGATGTGACATGATAGGTTTTTAACGAATTTTATTGTATCAAAATGAGAATTTTTCCCATTGAAATAAAAGTTTACTCCTCATATTGCAATATATTTATTCTTTCTACAAGATAATTGTCCCTCCACAAGTAGAAGGGCATGGTTAAAATTAGTCGCAGGACAAAGCAGTTTGACTTTGACCTTTTCAAACTACTTCAGTGACTAGCATTTCAAAATATGTGCCACTTGGACAATTTCTCTATATTCAAAGATAAGATGTGGAAATTGGACTTGTCAGCCTCCCTTTTAAGCTTCTTACACAGCTATTATTTTATGGGTGTGTTGGGTAAAAGAAGAAATATCTTCTAATTAAAGTTAATACAAGAACCCTTTGAAATAATGACTCCACTTATATCTGTTAAAGGCTTTCCTGATATAAGAAAACAATGGAGGAAACACCCAGAGCCTCAAAGTTGCTTCATTATCATTGCCTTTCACAAGAACTGTAGGAAAGTTGATCAAAACGTCCTCAAAGCACTTGCCCATTTGTCTTTGTTGGTAAGTTTCTAACCAAAGACTTGCTAGCCCCCAGTACTAAGGTGGTTGTATAAGCACAGCAGTGTGAAACCCATATAGCATGAGTAGTACAATCTTGGTGGTGTAATAGAGGGGTACCACTTCCTACCACTTGTTTATATTATGCTTTGTAGTGTTTTCATTAGATTGCATAGtcaacaagcactttttggatttctgttatatgtcaagtgctgggacaggacctggagaacaagaagaataatagaggaaactccctattctcgtatattatatactgtcacagggtaggaggataatgaaataggcaattccaatactgtatgataaaggttataatacaggaagtTCAAGAGCAACCAGCAGGAATATGTAACCCATTCTAAGAGTAGCAATTGAGGCTTGCAcagtcaattccgactattagcagattctgtatttgcaaaataatctatcactaaaatgtgcttggaaccccagaatcaatacttacagcactttcccatcatttacagacatgctcaaaatggcgtgcattttgactgcctca
>Human| chr9:32721000-32722499 | element 100069 | negative
TCTTGGTAGAATACTAGTAGCTCAGATGTTGGATATTTGGCTATTAAAGGACTCCTGAGCCCAGAACATCTAGGGCTGTTGGGGTTATATGACTACCATCACCCCCAAAATGAAATCGCCTTTCAACTCAGTTGTTCTCTACAACTAGGAATACTGACTCTTACTTTTGTTTCAGTTAAACTCAGGGAAAGCATCACATCAGAGTTAGAGGTGGGAAATTAGATCTATTCTGCACCGACAATAGCACTCCGCATTACACACCAAAACACACAGATGATAGTTTTGTCTATTTAAGCAATATAAGGCTCCTACTAATTTTTTTTAGAAATTGTTATCAATTCCTTTTTATGAAAAATTACCACTGAGGTATTGTTCCTTTTTTTCCAGCACAGTTGAAATTGTACGTGGTAGGGAAGTTTTTAATTAGTCCATTCTGAGCAGGAACGGTGTGTGCTCACTGCAGTAGGAGCCTAATAAATTACTTCATAATCTCAATTGGAGGCTTTGTGTCTGAAAATACTCATTAGTTTGCACCAGCAGCCGTCAGCTTCCCATGAAAGGTCTTAGAACCATGCTGCAGTAGGTTTAGATCAAGTTGCTTGGAGCAGAACTTCTGGGGCGGTGAAAACAAACAGGCCATACAGATCTCAGCTGCAGGGTCTGGGGATAAAACAACTTGGAAACTCCATGTCAGCCCCTTCTGCCCATGCCACACTTTCCTGCTTACAAAGCTCTTCTTCCACCCCGAAAAAGCTTTTCCATCTTCAAATCATTCCAGTGACCCCCTTTTTTGAAGTGTGGATAAATCTAAAGCCTAGGAAATACATGTTGCAGACTAGTGAGAAAATGTTTATACTGTCCTATTTAGACAGACAGATAAATAGAGACAGAGTtggatggatagatggatggatggatggatggatggatcaggtgatggatggatgCAAACAAACAGACATTTAAAATGGGAGGGTaaaaatgttattagcccagctggtaaaataattcctctcggagggaacacggtatgtggatacgttggtaagtcacccagattaggtaagggtaagaccccaagatgcatggTCTTATGATAAAAGATGGTCTCTAAACTGCTAAGGAGAGACAGTCTTGCTGATTTCAAAGTTCTGTAAGTGTCATGTCTTGGCGGTTTGGACGATTGCTGAGGTAGAGCTGTTCTGCAAAATAAAGGGATGAGAATTTGCAACTAGGAATGGAGGATGCAGGGAGAGAGGTATGAATCAATAAAGTGAGGTTTTGTACACAAGAAAAGAAAGATGGAAAATTTCATACCTTAGCAGAGTAGGCAAGCTGAGATGTCTAAGGTGACTTTGAAGTTATTTCCTGTAGGATGTACGTAAGTAAACTCCTCCTTCCACCTGCCCTAGAAAACTgtttcccagaagtggatcccaagcccatgtgcagggggtttattaaggtgtgctcccaagggagatgagtgaaggagtgggg
>Human| chr2:232556915-232558414 | element 100070 | negative
cccaaagtgctgggattaccggcatgagccaccatgcctggccAAAATGACttcttctttttttttttgagacagtttcgctctgtcacccaggctggaatgcagtggcgcgatctcggctcactgcaacctccatctcccgggttcaagtgattaccctgcctcagcctccaaagtagctgggattacaggcatgcgccaccacacctggctaattttttgtatttttggtagagacagggttttgccatgttggccaggctggtcttgaactcctggcctcaagggatctgcccgcctgggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccatgcccggcttaattttttaatttttttgcgagacaaagtcgccctatgttgcccaggctgatctcaaattcctgggctcaagtgatcctcctgctccggcctcccaaggtactggaattacaggcatgagccgctgtgccctgccAAAAGtttttttttttttttttttttttAATACAGAAACATACAAGGGAGAATAAAACCAACACCCACAGATCTGCAGGGACCTGCTTGGTGCCCCGGCCCCTAGGAGGGGAAAGGGTGGTTGAACGGTTGGTGGTATCATGGGCACATGCTCGCATCTGCACACGCATGCACACATCTGTGGCCACATTCAGGACATGGGATCCGTGTTCATGGTTGTACAGACATGTACATGCACACCGAGAGACTGGGCGTGGGAGTGTGGAACGGGCCTGCTACAGGGAAGAGAGGACAGGCTGGGCCAAGGCCTGGGTGTGGCCGCGCGCCTGCAGGTGCCTCTTGCCCTGCGTTCTATGCCCGCACCAGGCCTGCCCCCAGTGGCGGCTCCATGCTGTGCTTCCATCCAGGTAGGCAAGGCAGGCCCCCTCAAATACCCACCAGCGAGCAGCTGGGGCTCGGGCCCCACAGCACTGTTTCCTAGGTTTTCAGGCTTGGCTCTTTCCTGGCCTTTCCCACTGGCCCCTCTGGCCAGACTGGTCCCCTGAGCTCCAGCAGCCTGAGGCAGTACATGGGCATGGCTGCCTAAGAACAGATGAGGATGGACATGCTTCTGTGGAGAGGGGAAGTTGGCTGACACCCGTGTGGACACACAGGAAACACTCAAATTCACTCACGTTGTTCCTGGGCTGTGGGGCCCAAGGAAGTGTGTTTCTGGTGGGAGTTTGGGGTGATAGCACAGAGCTCAGTGTGTCTATGCAGCAGGGGCCAGCAAGGCCCTGGCCTGAGGCCTTGGGATGACTGAGGGCCCCCTGGGAAGGGGACTCCAGGGCAGGGGTTGGAAACTTGGGAGCAGATCTGACTTCGGAGGTAACACCACCAACTGCGCTGCCACACATTCTTGAAAAGCAACAACCATAAGCTTTGAATACCAAGAACGGGCATTATGAACACATTATAAATGGCAGGTTGCTTTGTTATTGACATGTCATGCCAGTGGAAAGGCACCGCTGTTCCCC
>Human| chr20:48558262-48559761 | element 100071 | negative
TGTGGAAGAGTCCATGTCTTTCCATGATAAGTTGGGGTAAAACGTACAGCTGCCATGTTGTTGCTGAAGTTAGAGCATGACTAGGTCACTAACAGCACGCGTGCATGCCAATTACCTGTGGTGATGGCTGGGCTGGTTTGTTTTCATAACCTTACTGGTTTTTGTTTCTTTTTTTAAGAGTTGGTTAAGTATATATTTTAGGTTTGAAAGCCATAGAAATCAGTTATCCCAGTTTTTTCCTATAAAAGATCAATTATggccaggcgcggtggctcattcctgtaaccccagctctttgggagtccgaggcaagagcttgaggctaggagttaagagaccagcctggacaacatagtgagacctcatctttacaaaaaaataaaattagccgggtgtggtggtatgtacctgtaggcccagctactcaggaggcagaggccagaggatcacttgagcccaggagtttgggattacagtgatctatgatcatgccactgcactccagcctggctgacagcaagaccctgtctcttaaaaaaaaGTCAATATGAAATCATTGGATTGTAATAACAATAGCTAACATTTGAAATGCATCCATGCTCTTGTATAATCAGAGTCAAGTATATTTATTTTCATACCTGTTATAACTGCTACTGGAAAGGAGAAATACTGTTGTCTTATTTTCCAAGAGATATACACAGCCTTGTTGATTTTAGAATCATTAAAATTTTTAAAATTGCAGACCATACAAAAGTACACAATAATGTAGGCTTGTTCCTCATTCCAGAGATTACTTCAAAATTCGTTCAACTTAAggcctggcaaggtggttcatgcctgtaatcccaacactttgggaggccaaggtgggtggattgcttgagtccaggagttctagaccagcctggacaacatggtgaaacctcggctctactgaaaatacaaaaaactagcagggcatggtggtgtgtgcccgtagtctcaactgttcgggaggctgaggtgagaggatggcttgagcccaggaggcagaggttgcagtgagctgagttcgtgccactgcactccatcctgggtgatagagccggaccctgtctcaaggaaaaaaaaaGTGATTTAATTTCGAAAGCTGCATAACATTTTCTGCCCTTTGACAAACACTGTAGAATTTTTACCAACCAAGTTGTAGGATTTTTGCAAAATGAGATTATACTATAATATATATATTTCTTCAACTTTTTTCACTTTTTTAAATGTACACTCATTCCCAACTTTTTTTTTCCACTTTTCAGGTTTTTTTTCTCTTACATATTGGACAGCCTTGCATGTCAGTTTCATTATTTTTAACACTTCGGTATGGATGCCCATAGTAAGAATATACCTTACCATCTCCTTTTCAGCGTGATTTAGTATTAGGGATGCATAGTAGGGCCATTTCAATGCTGAATAGGGCTATTTTCTGTGTCTTAATTGGGGGCTTCACTCTTGAggctgggcatg
>Human| chr10:122559326-122560825 | element 100072 | negative
gagaggggctggaattctgctacaatgtaaagtaggtaaacaattacagccattttcccggaggtcacaagatttgcaacttccccaattactcctgcagataacattactattgtagaacccaagtttggctttttgaagtgtcttttcagggttttgcacttctaacaaccagatggccccatttggacctgtgacttaaccagttctgtggccccacctagaagccaactcagctcatgaggaccatatttcataccaccatcattgcatccccaaccaattagcagcacctatagcctagccccctgcccaccaaactatctttgaagaacccctaacctccaagccttcagtgagattgatttgagtaataacttcgtctctcacctggtgtggctagtctcatgttaattaaactctttttttatggcaatgccttgagtctccgtgaactgattttgtttgtgcaagaagaacccatcgggcagttacagatttaaatctgaaatcactgacttgaaatatttcttcttttaaaatatgttttcacattatgaaactaagaaaacatgggtgaattaaactcaaaataagtttaagggaagaaagaaagatcagcagaaatcaaagaagtagaaaacagataaataagagaaaattagcaaggacaatagttacttttgtgaataaaatggtaacattgataaccccacaacaagactTCACCTGagggttgatcagagaatctgagccaatatgagtgatacagaatatggtaggaatctgacctcatgcaattgtgCtgtaaaccagaaataaaactctaagcctctcagccaactgatggatgttcctcttggccaagggcattccaaagcaaacccgaaaaactatttaatgcaaggatggaaaggagtgggggtcagacatgcctcattgtaacctcttccctgtggaattcaggcacaactgatcagcattaacattaaaacagagattctaagactgagagaacaaactgtttgtagcaataagataccaaattccaacctgactctagtatagtattgcatgacaagtagcaggccctgaaagaaatcagtcttttgtcccaaaatatacttatttgatatattttgaaatggtcttgcaaagctgtctcttgtgggggaaatttacattctatagagaatcccctgttctttccaggtctttttctgatcctgaagaggttggctgagagtctagcaccttttgagggtctgaatagaaaacacttgccatctattgcctctaagggcggccacctaggagacttcatctacataagaaccctgttttccacagtcctttatcttaacccaaacactcctttctattgattccaggtcttcagataaccaattgccaatcagaaaatctttgaatccacctatgacccgaaagccctcccactttgagttgcctgcctttccaaactaatgaacaccttatatg
>Human| chr5:169342667-169344166 | element 100073 | negative
CTGATGTTCATTATTTAGATCTATTTTCAACATTTAAAGGCAATTGTCAGCATAGTCAATTCAGCCATTTTAAACCATCAAGGGCCAATGAGCAAAGTGTTTTACTGAAGAGTCTACATATGGAAATCAATGATATCCCAAAACTGAGCTGGTACATAAATCTAAGAAATGCAGGTGTGAGATTGATGACTTGGGATTTGATCCCCATAGCAAATCTGATTAAATGGTATACATTGGTTTAGAAAAACAATGTATCAGGGAAAATCCTACTCTTAAGAAACGTTATGCTGAATTCTGTAAGATGATAAAAAACATGTCACACTAGACCAGAAATATTACAAATGTTCTCAGATTCTCCCTTTCTCATTTTCTCATGTTTAGATTAGAAGTATGGGAACTCAGAGGGCTGAATAGAGGATTGCCAGGCAGTTAATGAGAATTCAAACTAGATTTGAGGTCTTCCTGATTCCCGGGATTTACTCTACCGGGCAGAAGCAGAAGCTGCTTAAATTCTGAAAATAGAGTCTTTTAAGAGTGTGGGATTCATACGGAACCTCTTCTAAACAAGTTACCTCTGAAATGTGGGACAAAATAATTCTAGGTGTGTTTGTCCAACAGGAGCCTGTGACTTGGGATTTGTGTCTGCACATGCATGGATCTAAGGAACCAGCCACTTTGACAGGTGGCCTTTCATCAGGCTCATCAATGTCTTAGTCAATTTCTGGCCCTCCTATCACCCCTGTTCTGGAGCTGAAGAAACCTTGCCATGGGGACAAATGCACTTAGAGAGTGAGAGcagcatagcaaagtgatgaaggggatggacgctagaattggaaccatggctctgccactgactagctattgggcaaccttcctgtgcctcccttatttataaagtggagacaatgatagtacctccttcataggatgaaacaagttaatatatttaaagtgcttagaagagtacctggcacatagtaggtattAGGTTAGGGATTGGTAACTTTTCAAAATATGAGAGACTTTTTAATaacaacagccagtattttggtccattttatgtgccaggcaccagtacaagaatttggcatatataagtcatttgattttcagaatatacaaggtaatattattacctttattttcagttgagaaaactggagtgtagaaatgttagtaatatgcccaagtcacatagctagtaagtaatggggcctagatttgaaagcaagcaacagtctctggaacccataattttagccactatgctgtaAAGAAATGCAAATAGCCATCGTCATTACTCTTCCAAATCCAGGACTGAATTCGTTCATTGCAAATATGGTGGATCTCAGAGAGCCTGAGGCAGAAAATGGGCACCTATATGCCTCTCTTACTACTCACAGCTTAAAGTCAGTGGAGTTGACGTATGATCAAGCCACCAAATCTCAGCATTTCTTTGGACAAAAGACAACCTTTTTTAGTGAAGGAAAATTCACA
>Human| chr2:198739162-198740661 | element 100074 | negative
TTATAATGAAATGATTTTTTAAAATTTACTGCTTATTGCAGGAAAATATACTGACAGAAAATTAAATTATCTGTTTACACTAACCTTGATAGATTTCTTTAAAAAGAAGCCCAAGTCCTCCAAACTATTTAAAAGTAAGCAAATAAACACTTTATTTGAAATTTTAAAAGGTGAAAAAGCACAAATTAAATATTAAGTTTGATACACAGGTGTTTTAGATTTAGATTGTTTATGATTTAATAGACTTTTGTGTTATGTAGCATAATTTTTTGTTGGGATTCAATTTGCATATGGTACACTAAGGTTTCTTATGCATTGATAGCATATAGTATATTTTATGCTTGTTTTCTAGGGTTTGCAGTGTAATTTTATCTATTTAACtttataatagtcaaaacaaccaaaatgttctttaatagtaggatagataactaatagtttacataatgaaatactatgcagtgatgaaaatgagtgaactatagccatgttcaacaacatggataaatctcacagccataatactgaatgaaagaaaccagatgcaaaataatacatatactcaggccaggagcaatggttcatgactgtaatcccagcactttaggaggccgaggtgggcggatcatttgaggtcaggattttgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaaccccatctccactaaaaatacaaaaactagctgggtgtggtggtgtgcacctgtagtcccagctgctcgggaggctgaggcaggaggatcacttgaacccaggaggtggaagttgcagtgagccaagatcacaccactgtactccagtttgggtgacagagggacactccatctcaaaaaaaaatactgtattaatgtatttatgtaaagttcaaaaatagatataactaaactatagatgggataaggacagtcaggaaattataatacagttaggaatttaggacatttgttgcttttgaaaggaggaagagggtagtgattgggaaaggcaggaaggaacatctagggtactcaaaatgatctatttgttgacctggttgatggctagtaaggtgcactcgcttttaaaaagaccgcattgagcttcctttatattttgtgtactttgctgtgtgtgtgatatacttcaGTATAAAAAGCTAAATAATTACTACAGAAGTCATATTTATTTGATATCTACTCTTTGCTCCCGACATAACACCCAATCTTCCTGTTATTTCCTCAGGGAAATATGGTTTGCTTTACTGTCATGGTTTCCAAGGATGCATTAGGCTTAAAAAAAAAAACCGTAGAACTGCTACCATTTGTTTTGTCTCTATTGTGATAAAATTTCCAAGTCATTTACATATTTTCTAGATAGTTGatacattttattagttcttgttcccagcagatgtgtgagacaggctggtattgcagtccctattgttcagataaggaaagtagacacagggagagtaaatgtttggctgagCCTGGAATTGA
>Human| chr7:85454101-85455600 | element 100075 | negative
TCTGTGTCATTAAATACACAACTACTTGAGCAATTTGTTACTGGCTAAGAAAGTATTCCTTGCCCCTTTTAGCCTGTCTTTTTCCCATATCCAATGTAATGTTCCACACACTCAATTCTGCTGCTTCTTTCTTCTTATTTTGATTTACAGACAATCTTAGGATCAACTTTTATTTATTTTCTTCTTTattgtataaatttaaaatgtacaacagcatgttttgatatatatgtgtgtatatatatatatatatatccatgatgtgtatatatatatatatatatatatatatacataattaaatgactgttataggtaagcaatttaacatgcacatctcacagtttccttcttttttttaccccattgcaattaaaacacctaaaatctactcccatagactgtttcaagtatataatacaatgttactaaATCAATATATAACTCTATTCTGCTTCTTGACTGAGTACTTTGTCTAACTTATCAAATGAGTGTGTTCTCTTTAGCAATTATTTGCCAtatgattactattattattattattattcattattCATCTTGTATTGGCTGAACTTCCTGCTTTCTGCATAAGATCGGCTTTTTCTTGATTTTGAACTATTCACAAAAGCCTCCTGAAATATACTTTCACCAAATGCTAAAATAAATTTTGTTATAAATTCTTTTTCTCCTCTAGAGGATTGCAAAACTACCAGTTTGAAAAAAGTTCAACTGGCACTGGCTTTGTACATATGATGCTGTTGATTTGACAGAGATGATGATAAAGGTAGTTGCTCAGGAGCTAATTTGATTGTGTTCTGACTGCCGTTTCACTGCATCGGGGCTTCATTTTCTTTAGCAAAAAAATGTGTTATTCTTTTGCTAATGATCTTAGGGAAAAATCACATAATCTCCTACTAGGTTACCTGAGAAGATGATTGGAGGAATTACATCTAGAAAATTCTTAGATAAATGCAAGTGATTCCAAAACTTTTTTGTCTAATTTAGGATTTCTAAATACGTGTATATGAGAACAATAGAGATATTCATTAAAATGAAATCAAACAAAACAAAAATTGGGCAATGAAAACATGTTTTTCAAGGATGGACTAATTCTCTTACAAGGCATAGTCTACAGCACTTCCtgtggtaggcaaaataatgaccacccaaagatgtccatgccctgatccctggaacctatgactatgttacatggcaaaagggactttgcacatggaattaagattaataatcaatcagctgatcttaaagtagagagattatctaggcgagtacaatgtaatcatgtggacccttaaaagtggaagaagaaggcaaaaatgtcagtgagaaagagatgcagcagaagataaatcaggaaagatgaggctccagaaggatcccattcAGCTGCCACAGTGTTcacctgtaatctcagctgcctgggaggctaagggaagaggatgccttgagcccaggaacttgcaactgctggtgaag
>Human| chr9:111229651-111231150 | element 100076 | negative
AGCACATTTCTCTGTGCAATGTCACAGAAAGAGCCAGACTGGAATAAGCAGCTCTCTCTTCCAAAGAAGCACTTATAAAAGTATATATACAACATGGACCGTCATGACTATCATCAGCCTTCCTACAAAAGATGCAAAACTTCCTTATAGAAaaatctaccacacattgagagctttgtgttagtcagatacaatgcaaagtcctgaatataatttttatttttatataaccttacaacaacctctgtgactaggtactcatattctcacttgacagtggaggaaattgaaactaaaagaagttcagtaagcagcctgtgatcagagggcacacaagtgttggaattgggatataaacccaagtgttccaagttccaaagccATTTTGGATGTGGTCACTGCTTTAGAAGCAAAGAGCATGGTCATGCCACTGTCATCTGCAGGCACACCACCAGGGCCAAAGTCCAACAAtcccggatgtcagttttcacagaattggacttgatcctaggagagagcttagtgagttccaaagaatggcagattggcatgtacttcagaatagtcatctactttgtaatcactctcccagcATCATTTTAATGTCACTCCCTTCTCTATTTCTGCCTTTAGTTTTTATACTGAGAGGTTAACCCAAAATATACTGTGTTATCTTGCAGGGAGACAGTGTGGGAAGGCAGTAAGAACGTGCACTCACTCTGTGGAAAGTAATAAGGATAACAACAGTGACTAGCTATGaggcactgtcctggggcgtcattgatgcattctcttctaatcttcagctattccatggtgtatttatcatctcctcacataacagattaggaacttgagctcggaggaacttccggagtttggctccaggctccttcactcactccccgaatgaccttgagtagcttggtcaagctactcaacctcctgaagcctcagtttatcatctataCCAAACTCATGGAACTACTGCAAATATATAGAGTAATCTTGACACACAAAGGCTGTTTGTCTTACTCTGTTCAATACATCTTTTCAACATCTAACAGAGTGCCTTAAAGTAGTAGtgaggtaggagaccagcaggactttttttcctagtccagacaggatgaagtggaaaaaacagccagaaccagcaggtggcgctgaaagagattgctagttgccctcattgctcattagcataatatattcccaccagtgccatgacagtttacaaatgccatggcaatgacccgaaagttacctcctgtttccatgacaatgacttcaaagttactactcctcttctagaaagttctgcataaacgactccttgatttgcatgtaattaaaaattagtataaatccagctagccaatagcacgagtgctaactctgggcacatggccttgagttagccattatccacaaaaagcaactccaattcaataagacattgctgtctaacaccactggcttgccctttggttctttcct
>Human| chr12:68243916-68245415 | element 100077 | negative
agtgtcctgagatggcgccactgcactccagcctgggcaaAAAAAAAAAACAAAAAACATTGCATCCCACTTTGCATAATAAAGGTCTAACAAATTTTACCTTAAAAAAAAATCTCCTTAACTTTATTTAATCCAGAGTTTCCTCCAAACTCCATGTTCACATACTAGCATTTACAACCTCCAGTACCAATGTTATGAAACATATTTTGAGAAATGCTGCTTTCTGTCTTTAGGTCTAAGAACATTCAGTTTTATTTTATTGGGATAGTACTCTTAGTGATTGTTAGATAGGTTTTAACTTCATGCTTCTAACTATCTAAATCACCTAAAATTGTGAGTATCAGTATTTCTAAAGGAAAATACACACAGTTTTAATTATTTCAGGGAAAAAAAGTCAATAACCACTCTAAAACAAGACTTTTGGATACTATGAGAAAATTTTCAACTAAAAAATAGATCAGATTAAATCAATTATCTAGACAGAAGAAAATACTTACTATTAAAGAACACATTAGTTTTGGTAATTGTGTGTTGTGGGGGGTGGGATAATGTGGTAGCTCATCTCCAACGATGGCTTCCAACGAATCACATTTTCTAGCGTTTACTCCCTTCCACATTAAATCTGGGTTCACCCTGTGTATTATTTTAACTAGGAGTATGTGGAAGGTCTGTGACCAAGTCTTTGTGTTTTGGGGGTCCCTGAGCCACCATGCAGGTTCTAGTGGAGAAGCCACATGTAGAGTAGGAGAGACCCTGTGACTATGTAGGAAGAGAAAGAAAAAAAAAAAAGCCCCAGCTATCTGAGTATCCCAGCTGAGATGGACAGGAGGAAGGTAGACAGAAGGCATcagctttctaagctttcctctcaaaagcctagacatgtctgagccaccttagacactgtagatcagttgaatcattagatgattgtagctgcaaacggaatcacatggagcagaagaattacccagctgatcccagttaactcacagagtcatgaaagggaaagagttatttttaagccactaaattttgcagtggtttgttacacagcaaagatgaccaaaacaAGCAGCTAATATGGAGGAGTGTGCAGAAAAGTATTCAAATGGCTTGCTCTTCATTTTCTTTTCCTAAACACTAGTTGAATGCATTTAAAATTTGTTCTCAGATTCCCTCTGATAATTCTATGCTGATTGAATTTATAAGATCTTAAAAGGGTAAAAATATCACAAAAATAGCTTGTTGAGATCCTGCAGAAAAACATGTTTTATAGCCACACTCATGCTTTGTGTCAGAACTTTTCTCCTTCAGAGAAAATTGCTAACATTATCTAAAAAGAGAGTTTTTTCAGTTCTGACTTCGCTTTTAAGTTTTAAAAATAATAAAACATTAAAAAGATGAACATAAAAAACAAGCTGTATGTTTAATGAGGAAAAATTATTACTGTATCATTATCATAGACATTTCCAGGTCAGCTTCTGGATTTTTTTCTCT
>Human| chr16:77230442-77231941 | element 200000 | negative
caggctgatcacttgaggtcaggagttcgagaccagcctggcaaacatggcaaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcgtggtggtgcgcacctgtagtcccagctattcataaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacctgggaggtggaggttgccgtgagccaagatcgcgccactgcactccagcctgggcgacagagtaagactccatttcaaaaacaaaaaggaataacttttccttctcctatttattgaatttttaattttctatcaatattgtctcatggatttttctttaattcagtgagctaaaatccttctctagcatttattttggtgttcagattgcctctgatttagccggtgggtaccctgatttagccaggctgatccctgtgtctctgacacgtccccttcactatgtgagcacatcttacttgactttctctattccagtcctcaactcagccatttttccatggagcccttataccttttagtagagattggaattttaaaaccaagatatgggccagacacggtgcctcacgcctataatcccagcactttgggaggctgagtcggggtgggagttggggggagtgggcggcgagtcacaaggtcaggagttcgagaccagcctggccaacagggtggaaccccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaaattagctggatgtggtggcatgcgcttgtatcccagctactcgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacctggcaggcggaggttgcagtgagccgagaccgtgccactgcactccagcctgggtaacagagtaagactctacgtcaaaaacaaaaaaacaaaaacaaacaaaaTATATGTTAGGAGCAGAattttaaaccaagtgatcagggtggcctccctgagcagatggcatctgagtggagtagggaggtattgagctacgtggatattaggaggaagagtacacctggcagagggaaaggactgatatgctatgaggtggaaccaagcctggctatgtttgaggaatagcaaggaaagggtagagtggccggagcagagggagtgaaggggagcgctctgggaggtgGCACAGGAAAGGCGCTAGTGACCTTGTGGGGTCAGGCCTCTCCATGTGGTATGAGGCATAAATTGAGTTCCTCTTTATATTATTCCCTGGCTGTAGATGATGAAAACATAGTTGTAGGAGCTTAGAGCAGGACCTTGTACACAATAGGTTACTGACAGAATATTAAACATTGTTACTGTTTTCCCCAGTTCCCAATGAGCAAACAGGTCTAGAGAGTACCCACACACACAACCAGCATCATCCAGTTGAAGTCACTAGGTCCAGCTGAAATTGCACAATATCAGCTTACCTACCTTAGCCCAGTATCTAGGCAGCACCTGGTAGGAGGTGCTGCCAGGTACATGTTCCAGGTTGCAGGAGGCAGACATGCAGCTGCACTGGGG
>Human| chr16:2428405-2429904 | element 200001 | negative
aattaaaataaatttttgagtacatttattttttacataaaaaataCCTAAGGCTATATAGCAAAATGTTAACAGAAGTTTGTttttttttttatttttattgttgttgttgtttttgagacagagtctcgctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcgtgatctcagctcactgcaagctctgcctcctgggttcacaccattctcctgcctcagcctcctgaggagctgggactacaggcccccgccaccacgcccggctaattttttgtatttttagtagagacggggtttcactgttttagccaggatggtctcgatctcctgaccttgtgatccgctcgcctcggcctcccaaagtgAAATGAAGTTATCTTTTAATGATAGGATTTGTATAACTTGTTTTCTTTGTTATACCTTTTTTTGACCTTGTTGTAATAAGAATTTATTGCCTTTTTCAACCAGAAAAAATACCTAGAAAATAAGAATAAAGACAATGATAGTATGCGGGTAGGCAGGCTGCAAAATTTTATGCTGGCATACATTTGGCAATGAGAACATTCATTTATTTATTCATTCATTGAACAGATACTTATTAAGAATCAGAGATAAGTCAGAGAACTTGCCTTCAGGGGTCTCAATTCAAAACTGTTAGATTCCCACAAAACTTTTCTTAATCATATTTACTAGGCATCCAAATTATTATTTAATACTTACAGTAATGTAATTTGCTTTTACATGTGCCTATGTGTGTTTTATTCATTTAACTCACTGGAATTTCTCAAAAGTAGGGAGGATATCTCCTATCTCTAATACTCCCCACACATCCTGGTACATTGTCATGCATAGAACATACATACTCCTTGGATGCTGCTGATTTCACTGACTGTGGCAAAGAAGTAGTATAAGGACAGTGTGTGTGAGAACAAGTGAACAAAGCAGAAAGTATCATCGGGCCTTCGTGCTGCTGTGTGCTCTGACTGAAGATAACTTCAGTATCTTGTCTTCCCCTTGGTTCTAGGTCTTATTCCCCCTACAAGTGGATGTGCATATGTCAATGGATATGAAATTTCACAAGAGATATTTCACATTAGGAAGAGCCTGGGCTGGTGCCCCAACATGATGTCTTATCTGATAAGTTAACAGTAGCAGAACATCTTTCTTTCTATGGTCAGGTGAGTCGATGGATAACAGGGATTTGTTTCCTCTGTATCCACTCTTGGGAATGATGAGATAGACTGCAGCTCTCTGATTCAACTCAGGGTAGGtcttttttttttttttttttgagatggagtcttgctctgtcaccaggctggagtgcagtggcgtgatctcagctcactgcaacctccTGGGAGTGTCTTTAAAATGAaaacttgtgtttctctattctcaacacttctgacaccaaatgtatgtggagttttcccacaccaaccaattctccaactctgcggatagcaactgagtgtcctacaattcagttcttaatgct
>Human| chr16:72018986-72020485 | element 200002 | negative
CATATTCAAGAAATCTTGATTAAATGCtgacattgctaaatcctcttaatatttctaataatttattatagatccttttagatattctgtACTTCAGGATTTCCAAGaaaaacaaaaacaaaaacaaaaaTCTTTGTTTAAACTCCTGTAGGTCAGTTTCTCCCCCAAATAGAACACTGAATTTCCATTACCATTGCAAGCAGATCCAGAGTGAACAGGATTGTTTTAGCAGGGAAATGTTCAACTGCATATAAACAGGGCTCGTTTGAGTTTAGGGAAAAAAAAGCATGAGGGAAGCAGGATTATTTTCTTCAGTCAATACTGTCAAAGGGACTTTGCCtttttttgagagagagttttgttctgttgcccagcctacagtatacagtggcacaatcatggctcactgcagtctggacctcccaggctcaagcaaccctcccacctcagcccctgccccgccacccccaagtagctgggactacaggcacatgccaccacacctggctaatttttttttgaagtttaatagagaaaaggtctcataaagttgcctaagctggtctcaaactcgggcttacgtgatcctccacctcggcctcccaaagtgctggaattacaggcgtgagccactgtgcctggcTAATTtttttgaactttagtagagaaaggtcttgctacgttgcccagtctggtctaaaactcctgggctcaagtgatcctctcaccttggcctcccaaatgctgggattataggcgtgactcagtgagcctggcTGCCTTGTCCATGTTTTTGGGAGGAAGGAAACAAGGCGGAGAGAGGGGACAGTGAGTAGGAGGAATTGTCTAGAGGTTTGCTGCTGCTGAAAAAGCAGGGTAGGTGAACAGAACTTCTTCCCCATCTGAAGCATTAAATAGAATAGCATTAAATAGTGTCATTAATGAAACGTTGGGCTGTATATGTGCTGTCAAATTGGCTGTTTCCATGGACTTGTTTAGTTTTTGTTTTGGATTGGCATATACGCTGGTCTGTCAGGCATTCTTAGGTGTAGTTCTGCAGGGAGGCAAATGGGTGAACCAAGTACTTTTTGGGGGTCACAAAGCTACCTGTGACTTGAATTTCCCATGTTTACCTGACCAGATGCCTTCTGCAATGACACTTGTAGATAAGAGGTGAAGGTATTCGGATGACCTTCTTCCTTTGGGCTTGAAGTTGTTTCTGCCAGAGATTGCCCAGCATGCGTGACAGACACGGGCATGGTGAGCTGTGTTATCACAGGGAGAGGCTGGCTGCTGGGTTCAGATGCGGCTGATGTTACCTGTGATGTGATACTTGATAGTACTGAAGGAAACTGGCTGATGGGATGACACAGGGTCTTGGACTAAAAGATAAAAATATGTAAAGGAAAAGACTGAATCTGATTTTACCATTTTATAATTAAGGCAGCATTTCCCCAAATACTCTGAAACTCTGTCCTATGAGATACTAATAGGCATTTC
>Human| chr16:85102624-85104123 | element 200003 | negative
GTGCTCATAAGGAGCAGAttcttttttagagagacagggtcttactctgttgcccaggctggagtgcagcgacacaatcacagctcactgcagcctccatctcctaggctcaagcagtcttcccaccgcagcctcccgagtagctgggactataggtacacaccaccatgcccagctcatttttttgtgttttttttttttttctttttggaggcaaggtctcactctgtcacccaggcttgagtgcagtggtgcagtcatagctcaccacagcctcaaacttctggccttaagcagtcctcctgccacgactccccgaagtgctgggatgacagcagtgcgccacTATACTGGCCAGCAGCTGATTCAGAAGCAGCTGTTTGCATGGGGCCCTTCCCTGGATGGCCGTTCTTTTGTGGTTCTTGAGGGTAAAATAAGGAGTATTGACAATTGGAGCAGCAGGAAGGGAGAGTTCGGGGCTGTGACGTCCACTGAGAAGTGGGAATCTGTGCATCAGCCTGATGTTTCCCTACCCCGGTTCACTGCCTGTTAATATCTCAGCCAGGGGAAGGAGGACGCACACACACCCCGGAGCCATGGGGTTCAGGTGTGGATTGTGGAGCTTCCACCATTCACAGCAGCACACTAGATAAGGATGGTcttgctgctgtgtcgtgtgtgggccggcagcattggcatctcctgggagcttgtgagaaatgcagagtcttgagccctgcctggccccactgagtgagaacgtgccctttaacaagatcagtagacagttcttacacgtcagcgtctgagaggcactgGCTTAAGGGTAAGTTTTCCAGTTTCATTAACACAATTAGAATTTGTggccaggctcagtggcttgcacctgtattcccaacactttgggaggctgaggcgggcaggtcgcttgagcccaggagtttgagaccagcctaggaaacatagtgaaaccccctctctacaaaaaaaaaaaccacaaaaattagccaggcatggtggcatgtacccatagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggttgggggatcaattgagccagggaggcttaggttgcagtgaaccgtgatcggactactgcactccagcctgggtgacaaagggagaccctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaaagaaagaaaTTTTGCGTTTTACTCTGCAGAGTCCATTGTTTCCACCGTGATTTGAGTCCCGCATGTGTAAACTGTCAAGGGCTGACTTCCGCCTTATTCATGGGTGCTTTTCATTTGATGGAGACCAGCCTCAGTTTTCTATGTGGTTAGAAAAGAGAACCGTTATATGATAATCCAAATATCTGACTGTCTCAAAATGCATTTATGggctgagtacggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggcgaggcaggtgtatcacctaaggccaggagtttgagaccagcctggccaacatgatgaaaccccgtctctactaaa
>Human| chr16:2355491-2356990 | element 200004 | negative
ttcaccatgttggccaggatggtctcgatctcttgaccccatgacccgcccacctcagcctcccaaagtgctgagattacaggcgtgagccaccgcgccccgccaatttttgtatttttagtagagacagggtttcgccatgttggccaggtgggtcttgaactcctgacctcgagtaatccacccgtcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggtgtgagccaccccatccagccTAGTATAACTATTtttttacattttaattttgtagtgatgggggtcttgctatgttgcccaggctggtctcaaactccagcctcaagccttcctcctgcctcggccATAAGTCTTTTTTAATCACAGAAATATTTCAAACACGTGTAAAGCTCTCTTTAATGGAGCTCGTGTTTCTCATCATCTCTCTGGTTTGCCAACATTGCAGTCCTGACAGTGCTGGGGATCTGTGTGTCCAAACACCCTCTGTTTGGCCGAGGACCCTGATGGAAATAATGCTCTCCAGCCTTGGTGAATTTGCACTTTCAAACAACCAGAGATTTGTCTGTTTTAATAACATTCACTCTAgctgggcgtggtggctcacatctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgacacaggaggattgcttgaggccaggagtttgagaccagcctaggcaacacagacaaattagccaggtgtggtggcacgtgcctgtagtccagctactcaggaggctgaggtgggaggatcacttgagcctgggaggtcgaggctacagtgagctattatcatgctactgcactccagcctgggcaatggagtaagaccctatctccaaaaaaaaattgttaaaaagaaagcaaaagaaCAAAGTTTACATTTTATCAACACACGAGTAAACATGGAAACACAGATATGTAAAAGCTAAAGTGTCAGAAGACACTGCCGACTGTAGAGAACCGTTCTAATGAAAGACAAAGCAACGCTGGACACTCCCACCTCCTTCCACAGACCCAGACCTTGGCAAGCTGCAGCTAGGAACTGCATGGtgccatggcttgactgggccccccaaattcatgtgttggagacttgacccccaatgcagcaatgttgggaggaggcctaactggaggggctcagaccaGGTTTGGTGCCCACAGCAGGCTTTGCAGAATGAGAGCCCACAGGCCAAAGGCCGACCAAGGAAGTGTTTTACTCAATTTAATTTCATAAAAATTAAGAAAAAAAGTGggcggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcgggcggatcacaaggtcagaagatcgagaccatcctggctaacacagtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaaattagctgggcacggtggcgggcgcctgtagtcccagctacttgggaggctgaggcaggaaaatggcatgaacccgggaggcggagcttgcagtgagccgagattgcgccactgccctccagcctg
>Human| chr16:87173848-87175347 | element 200005 | negative
agaaacggaggcatggagagcttaagttgctggccaggttccaccgctaatgagggcagagctggggccataagccaggtggtgggctctggagtccatgctggtgccaaccgtacgacgatggccGCCAGGGGCTCTGCAGGGATTGAATGAGGTCACAGGGGGAGGCATGTGCCACGTGGCAAACCATGTGGCCTGTAGGATTGACTTCATCCTGCTTAAAAGGCCACCGACTTTCCTCTTCCGGAGTGATACCGCACGGCTTTCCATCGCTGTCCTTGGCTCGGGGGACATTGGTAAGCAGATGACTTACTGGTCAGTCACGCTGTCGCAGAAACGACGTGGGCTTGGGACCGGTGACAGAAGGCCTGGGTCAGAACTTCCACGTTCCCCACGACTGCGGGACCTTGCCAAGCCCTGTGTGTGAGTGCCCTGCAGATCACCTTCAACGCATGCCTGCCTCTCGTCACTCAGAAGTGCCTGCGGCTGCACCATCTTCTTCCTCCTGAGCCCTGATCCACTGCCCTGTGAACTTCCAGAGCCAACGTGGTTCCTGTTCGCCCCTGTCCAGCAAAGAAGGAGGAGTCGCCTCCTGAAAGTGGGGGAGCTTTGGTCTTCCTTGCCCTGCCCCGCGTTCAAGTGATACACAACATGTGGATGTTGAGATGGATTTTCTCCTCAAATGATCCCTCCAGGAGGGCAGGCTGAGCGCTGTGAAAAGCAGCTGTGTACTCATCTAAGGAGAGGGCCGGCAGCCATGGAAAACAGCCCTGCCCGGCTCCCTGCGCGACACAGACAGCCCCTCAGCCTCACTTCCTGCTGCCTCTCTCCCCGGGACCCTGGCGCCGGTTGCGTTCTGCTCTGAAAAACAAGAAAGGATTTCGGTGAGAAGCAGGAGGCAGTTGAGCTCTGCAAAGGGGCTCTGGGttttttaaaaattaaaaattaaaaataaattatCAGCGACTTCAGGGAAAAAAGCATTTCTCTCCAATCcaggcactgttaaccttctggggatctcagacccctctggaagtcttacaaagccaataagctcttctcagaatgttttcaaatgtataaaatttgtgaaattacaaaagaaacaattacattgaaatagttatcaaaatattttaaattgtgatatagtcagatgtgtgcttttttagaaacatggatctcacagagagtctaataacgtccttacctcgaagtagcacttgagctcaaattagagtttggaaaagcagccatggctatatatgatgagaaaagatctgtgattttgttggtgacaaaatgacagattctgctaacgtgattggcttgttgcctatgtccatcatggaaggaaaagctaaatttcaattgggccttagagaagataaagatgcgatcattttccctccagtttcaccagtcccctaaattatcccatggatatgttggttaggactccAGGGATAATCCGAACACTCCTGACTGTCATTTGAG
>Human| chr16:28488180-28489679 | element 200006 | negative
ggtacagtggctcacacctgtaatctcagcactttgggaggccaaggtgggcggatcacctgaggtcatgagtttgagaccagcctggccaacatggcaaaatgtcgtctgtactaaaaatataaaaattagccagacatggtagtgaccacctgtaatcccagctactcgggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaaccgggaagtggaggttgcagtgagccaagatcacgccattgcactccagcctaggtgacagagtgagactctgtcaaaacaaacaaacaaacaaacaaacaaacaaaAAAGGGAGAAATCTGCTGACATACCTTCTTTATGCTGTCTATATATAGGAAAGTGGGCATGTATTACTTTCATAATAAAAGTTTCTTTTTAGAGACAAAAACGATATAAGAAGTCCATGGATAAAATCGGCATTTATTCAGAAGGCATGATGCCAGGAAGAAACTCCCCAAGTGGGAGACAATGGCTGGCCCCCCTGCAAGGGAAACAAGGCTTCAGCCCTTCCCTACTCCCAGACCTGCCGGGAAGGCTGGGAGCACAGTTCATGGAGGGTCTCTGGGGTGGGCCTGGGTGTCTGACCTGTCCCTCTGCCCACAGGTGAATGTGACCTGCGTCCTGAGGATCCCGAGTATCAGGAGAGCTGGCAGAGGAAGTCATGCAGAGGCAAAGCCAGGAGCCCCGACAGGGAGATCCCCAGTGTGTCAGAGATGCAGGTGGCCGCCATTGCAAACTCCCGGTGCTCATCACTGGTCTGGGAGGGCAGAGAGCAGGGGTGAGGCTTCAGTCCCAGACATCCCTGCCCTGGGTGTCCCTGGACAGGCCACCCCCAGCCCTTGCCCGGCCAATGCTGACCTCCAGGGCGATGTTGTGGAAGGTGTTCACGTAGGCTGCGCCTCCCAGGAGCCCCTCATACAGAATGATCAGGAAGACGAGGTAGATGCTTGGCAGAAAGCCGAACCACACGTCTGCCAGCAGGAACACCAGGTTGAGGCACTGTGAACAGGGGGAGAGGCTAAGCCTGGGACCAGGGCGGGGCAGGGAAGGAGAGGTGGCCTCCCCTCCAGGGGTCCCTGGTTTTAGGAGTTACTGGTGAAGGAGAGGGCTGCCAGGTCTAGATAAAATCTCAACACCAgcccggtgtggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggtgggcagatcacctgaggtcaggatttcgagaccagcctggcctggtctctactaaacatggtaaaaccccatctcaactaaaaatacaaaaattatctgggtgtagtggttctgtagtcccagctacttggaaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttgaacctgggaggcagaggctgcagtgagccaagatcgcagcactgcactccagcctgggcaacagagagagactccatcccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTTCTCAACCTCAgcctggtgcagtggctcatgcaggt
>Human| chr16:33659219-33660718 | element 200007 | negative
GCCGTCACCAGGCACAGGAGAAGACAGACATAATGCCATCTTCTTCGTGAACACAACTCTGCATTCCCCAGATACCTTAGCCCTGCCTGAGGGGAGAGCTGTTAGCTTCCACAGTCCAAAAGCATTTTATACCCTGGAGCCTAAAGGATAGTTTGGATGTGGCAAGGCCTTGTACTTATACGAGAGAAGGACATAGGTCTGACTCCCTGTgggtttgaatatgttttattgttgtctgtctgttttcaggttgacatgaagcacttccttgccaaaaactacagtcatgacatttaataaaatttgctttattcctattttcccacctgtgacatttgaccttctgtatcgagtgagcaatgtgcataccttacaggagaaattacaaaataattctctaagtcatcagtatcacacgaatgctaccctgtccttactgccaaatatcttctggaaaaatttaagtaaaaataaatgacaagttgcattcttaaattgaaagtagcataacattcagaaactcatgaaatccctttgccaaaggtactcccactagaacttaacagcccatggtctgcttcctcaagggcaaagacaatatcaccctatgacttgattcatcaaaagcccatgtattttccattttaccttcagcattatactctgatttatcacatgccaatacagcgaagtattttaggggatcgatgtgctatgcagaaatattcaacaggatgttaaaaatgtcctaaatagcttctttactgccatcaacttgtaaattatttattttccaagagacatcggagaaaaacagtcacaaacattgtaaaaggggctaattacaattaacaacaaatgcagcagtgactccaggatgtcaatccataggtttatgagtgaaaatgaggtgggttacataaattgttttgagagtattttccttgcttgtagagtcaataccaaggttggcatcaatatagggttaaacagtgattttctgggaagatgtccttgtagaagtgatttttataaggtcatggtggcttctatcaaaggttgtggttaagcagaatccattcatggtcgttcttgttatcaggagtatgtgcatgggaaacctccttcatggtcattcctagttccatttgtcagggttttaacacaagtggatctattttgattctgacaactttcacaGCCTCTTTCTAACACTACTGGTGAGGAAGGTGACTCACTCTGTGGTACTTTGCACAGCACAGGATAAATTTCACATCCACATCCCATTTTGACCACACAAGCTCATCCTCTTCACTACTGTTGGCCACTTGCATTCCCAGGTGAGTCTCCACATGACACACTGGAGGGTGCTGAGCAATGGGAGAGAGGAAAGTCCTATCAGCCTCTCCCATATGGCTGCAGGAGCCACAGCCTGAGCCCCACCTCAGCTGCAGGGAATGGGCTTGAGACCTCGAGCTTTGGCAGCAAGAACCACATCCC
>Human| chr16:87536794-87538293 | element 200008 | negative
GGAGCCGGCCGAGTGGAGGCGGAGGCAGGGGCTTAACACCGGGGCTTCCATCATGAGCGAAGCTGGTGCTGGCTGTTATCATTTGCAGATGAAACAACTGGGGCAGAGTGGTCACTTGCGAAGGATGGCCCGCCGGCCAGGACAGAGCTAGGGCTCAGGCTAGCAGCCTCACGGTGCCTCTCACCAAGCCTGGCCAGGCTAAGGGTTTTGGCACCGAAAACAGGGAGCGCAGAAgtgccaggggacaaagcactttcatgcctcatttagccctggtgacatgctttaaaatcaataggtcattttcctcacctggccgagggggaaatcaggccctgggggaggccagcagataccagcagggctaggacttgaaccaagctctcccgatcccaaatcccactgccccgtcccctccaGAGCAGCTGTGGGTCAAGGCTGGGTCTGGATGATGACTCTGGCGAGGAGGGTCAAGTGGACCAGGTTCCTGAAGCCGCACAGCTGTGGCTGGTGTCCCGGATGCTGACGCCTGTTGAGACCTGCTGGTGGCTGGGGtttcatgtcctcatttcacttggccctcacaacaatcttgcaagtagaacattcttccccttttacagatgaagaaactgaggtttagagcagccgcttgcccagcgtagacagcgagaaggacaggtccagttctgcttgatgatgaagcctgtgtcttctctgctgTGTGATCCTAATCACGTTGGGAGGTTCCTGAGGAAGCAGAGGATTTTGCCCTTGCATTTGAGCCACAGCAGCTCTAGTAAGTACGTGTGTGTGCATATGTAGGTCCTGTGTTCCTACTGATACTAATACGTACAAATTGCATATTAATATATATTAACATGTATTACTATATAATAATACATATCTGAAAGCTGGCTTCAGCTTAAGACTTTGTTTGAGAGTGGTTTGAGGGTTAACACTTTTTTAACCTGCTGGTCCACCTGTCGTACATATGATATCTTGCACATATTTGAGTCTTGGCATGCCTGCTTCTTTTGTCTTACCCAGGGATGGCTCCTCACTAGGAGGCTGGCACAGAACCATTGGAACGACCACTGGTGTAAGACACAGTAAAGCCCACCTGTGTATTCCTGTGGAAGCTGGCCATGACAATACACATAGACCAGAGGCTTAattaaattctcagctccttgagagcaggagtcagggctgaggctgattaagtttctcactttggatttccagctccggatgggtaccatgtatgcagttggtgcttattaaatgtttgctgGTGGTCTTTCTGCCtttttttttttttttttttttttgagatggagtgtcactttgtcgcctagactggagtacagtggtgtgatcttggctcactgcaacctctgccttctgggttcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctccctagtagctgggattacaggcgcccaccaccacacccagctaatacttgtatttttagta
>Human| chr16:61784748-61786247 | element 200009 | negative
ATATGAGAATAAAAAGATTCCATAGCTTTTGATTTCTTGCACATAAACCCTCATTATAATTTCTTCTTAGGAAATTGTTGGAATTTGCTCAACACTAAAAAGAATTAATTGCCTAATGTATTAAAGCAATTAAACAAATCATTTCATCACATGAATAACAATGAGTACAGTTTCTGGTTAACATAGAAAATAAAAGCAAAGGAAGGGAAGAGAAAAAAGAAGCTAATAATGATAGATGCTCAGTTGTATATTAGTGTCCAACATACATATGGCAAACAAAGATAAACAGAAACTATCTCACTTCACTGAAGTCAAACAATTAATAAATACCGATGCAATACAGCACAAAATTCATGTGTGCCTAACTCTAAAACACATTCAAATCTCTTGCAGTTATGCAACATATGCCTTCAATTTTAGCTTGATATAGACATAGACACCGTGAAAGTGGAATTACATACTACCAGAGAAGATTTTCCTCTACAAGGAAAACTCTGAGGTTAAGTAGTTGGCACAAATGTCCTTCCATATTCTCCTTaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaCAAGCAGTTTAACGTATTTAAAAATTTACTTAAACATGACACTCTTAAAAAAATGGCTTAAAGGAAAGAAGACACATCCTAGCTCAAGATAGAAGACCGTCCCGTTACATTTTTTAGCTGTCTTGATGTGCTTAAAGTCTCAAATGTGCAGAATGCATTAACATGGTGAATTAAAACATGAAAAAGTTGGTTCATGGGGTCGCTGCATAAAAACACTGTAGTGACAACTCTGAATTCAAATGCAAGGTTAGCTTAAAATTAACATGTTTTTCAACTGCTTTTGGTGTCGCAGGAAACATATTTCCTTTCCCTGTCCTTCACTCTCCACTTTTTGAAAACTGAATGGTAATTATATTACATTGAGTTGTGGTGGACTTTCTAGTTCAAATATTTGAAGATGTCTAAGAAAACTAAGCACGTTATTATACTACCATTTAATTATCCAATGATATTAGGTATTAGCCAATATTCTTCAAGCCAAATAATATTGTTAATAATTTATTCCTGGATTACCTATTCTCCCTTCATTCATTTATTCAATCAACAGttccctcattcaataaatatttattgaaggcttactactccagacactttcctagatgttaaggagatatcagtttatgggataagacattctactcagggggaagagttcatgaacattgaacatgatagctaaataatatggtatgctagaaaggagtaagtgctaataaaaacaaataaatcagaataaggaggatctggtacttgtggggatcagggtagtcttatttcagcaaagacttgaaaacaatgaagttagctatgacaatagcaagggatgcatattccaggcagacatgttatggcagagactctaaaagaagggcatggttaatgtcttgaagTAGTCAATCACAGATTTCTGGATGATTAGCAAAAAACTTA
>Human| chr16:22409988-22411487 | element 200010 | negative
ggcatgagaattgcttgaacctgggaggcaaagtttgcagtaagctaagatcatgccactgcacttcaacctggatgacagatttgagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGTTACCATTCATAATCAATTTTTGGTATATATGGATAATAATGGCATATCTAAGCAAGATAGTTTTAATTGTGTGTTTCAATTGACACTATAATTCAGAAGCAAATTTATTTATTTATTACATAttttttgagacagggtcttgctctgtcactcaggttggggtgcagtgggtgtgatcatagatcattatagcctcaacctcctgggctgaagcagtactccaacctgagcctccctagtagctgggactacagctgtacatcaccacacctagctaatttttgtattatttgtagagatagaatttcaccatgttgcccaggatggtcatgaactcctgggctcaagtgatccttctaccttggccttccaaagtgttgggattataggcatcagccaccacacctggccAGCAATTTATTTTGCAATAAGAATGTTTATTTTGTCATCAGCAAGAGTAAGTAAGCTTAATAATGCGTGGAGTTCCATCTTAACACAATGCCATTCTGTTTCCATTTCAGTGCCTTGTACTTATCAGTCAGTCCTGGCTGAAAAAGTTTGATTACCATAAGATCATCTTAATTTCTTTCTATGTAGAAGGAACAGCCTCCATTGTAATGTTACTCCTGGGAAAGCAATACTATTACTGTTTGGCTCTTTATCTCACTATTATCATGTAAGTAAATGCTGGTTCCAGTCTCAAAATTACACTAAATTTTACTATTTGCCCTTTCAAGCAGTGACACATTTTTGATCCGGACTGAGTTTAATATTCATTTCTAGGCAAGGTCATTGTACCTTTTTGACAAATTGTCTGAATGTTAATGGCTTGTTTTATGAAGGAATTTCATACATTAAATTTTGTAGTAAACTTACTTTTTTTTAACCTATTAAAAAATTTACttggaaggctaaggttggaggattgcttaaggccaagagtttgagactagcctgggcaacagagtaagaccgcatctctataaaaaattaaaaaattttttggtggcacatgcctgtagtcccagctactctagtggctgaggcaggaggatcatacttgagcccacgaattcaagtcatagtgagctacgactgcaccactgcactccatccagcctaggtgacaagagtgagaccctgtctcaaaaaTATATTTAGTAAATACTGCTGCCACGTATAAAAGACACTGAGCTTCTATTTCTCCTTCAACTCTTCCTCCTATTTCTGCAACCTCTCCTCCTCCCCCAAGCACCCACTTTGCCTCCATCacaggcatgtcaaattctgcaggtccaaatcaaagatcttgctgccaaatctgctcttttgccattatttgccatctcgggaaatggctttgccatctatctggttgcccaagtc
>Human| chr16:81025036-81026535 | element 200011 | negative
caagaccagcctgagcaacatggcgaaaacccgttctctacaaatatacaaatacaaaaaattattcgagcatggtgacgtggcctgtagtcccagctactcgggagggtgagatgagaggatcacccaggcccaggaggttgaagctgcagtaagccaaaatgacactactgcactccagcctggaagacatagtggaccctgtctccaaaaaaaaaaaaggtacagaaacctaacacgtatctcagccaggtgatcaacgtcaacattaacagtgataaattatgttgtagtatgcagccttgatgaaaatgtactttacctctgtggtcttcatccgaaaacacatgatcccaatccaattatgaggaaaacaagacaaattcaaacagaggagcattctaccaaatacctggccattatgcctcaaaccttttcgggtcatcaaaaacaaagaaaatgtcacagataacaggagcctaaagagtgacaagaactaagtgtaatgtgtatcctggacggaatcctgtaacagagaaaagacattaggtaaacactaacctgaagcaatctgagtaagcatggactttaaataacgatcatgtatcaatattggtttattaactgtaacaaacaccttatcaatgtaagatgttaataataagggacactagatgtgaggtatatgggaactccctgtactgcattcacaatttctctgtaaatctaaaactgttctaaaaaaacaaagtctatttaaaaaTAAAAATTACAAAacagctgtatagtgctccattgtgtggatgcaccataggtcgttcaactactttacgttgggaaagtgtgttcccaacattttccaagtgcaaacaacactgcagtaaataactctatgcatacattttttcatactgttagagttatacttttaagataaattcctataagtgggactgatggattaaaaagcaaatatacggcagttttgctacaaggcagcaaattcctctctataaagattataacaatttgcagtcccatcagaaatgtatgagggtatacagtgttgccaacagaatgcgctgtcacactgtttaatttggcccccctgcagataagtaatggtatgttcagtatatttaatttgtatttctctaattattgaggttgaacatcttctcatgtttaaaggccatcttttcttttttttttaaattgtctctcatgcttttgctcatttttctctctgatttttggcctcttattCCCCCTCCtttttttttttttttttgtgtaaagacagggtctcactttgtcacacaggctgatgtgttgtactgcagcctcaaacaactgggtaagtgatcctactacctcaaccttccaagtagctaggactacaggcatgtgccatgcccggccacttttatttttattttttgtagagacaggatcttgctatgttgcccaagctggtctggaactccaggcctcaaacga
>Human| chr16:82454520-82456019 | element 200012 | negative
ttatatatttatataaaatCCTCATAACTATATCATGGCAAGTAATATGCTGTAAGACCTATATTTCCAAGAACATGAATAGTTTAAAAGAGCTCTTCTTTTATGAAGTTGGATTTATGTGCCCATTTCAGGTCTGATATATCATTTTAGAAGGGTAGCACAGTATCTTTTATAAAGAAATATGTCCTAAGTGTTGCTGTGAGAGATAACATATCCCAATAGACCCCTTAGCCCTTTGCTGACACTGTTCTCTAAGGAATAAAGATTTTTAGTTACAGAAAGGTGAATATAAGTGACAGTTTCCTGTTCTGGGTATCTCTTAATAATAGTTGAAAGAGTTGTTTGAAATCAGATCTTATAAAGAGAAAAGAAAAATCCATTAGAACAAAAGAGATCCCATTCCGAGAAGTGAATGAACTATGTCCTGATGATTTGCTAGGATTCTTTTCAGACAGCCACGGTCTTGGAGCATCGGTAACTGATTCAAGTGAATGAGCCTGAGCTGATTAAGGATGGGGTAGTGGGCACTTACCTAGTGGCTGCAATTGAGCATCCAGGAGTAGAGTCAGGACCCAGTGCCCAGCAGGCTATTAGAGTGAAGGTCAAGCAGAGGGCAGTAGCGTAGGGTAGAAGTGAGATGTTAGACTATGGGAGAACTGTGACACCAGGGAAACTGCAGGTTACAAAGGGTCCCACAGCTGAAGGAGTAGCCATCCAGGCTTTCTGGTGACTGTTGGCCTATCCCAGGAGGAAAACATGTGTGTTTAGGAGCAAGGTGGAAGGTCAGGGAGAAGAGGCTGTTGTTAAGTGAACTGAGCCAGTTCAGGCAACAAGCatagatgatagatagatactatttagatagacaataggtaggttaaatatgtatagatactagataaagaagtaatggatagataggtaggtaggtagacagataggtaatggattgatggatGGtgtgttagttttctattgttgccataacaagttaccacaaacttagtgacttaaaacagtgcaagtttttatctcataattttacaggagagaaatccagtcagctagatttgtttctctgctctgggtttcataagccaaaatcaaggggtcagccaggctgtgtcctttccttgaggctctggggataaatccccttctcagctcgttcaggctgttggccaaattcagttccttgtggctgttaagactgaggttcccatttccttgctggctgtcagttgagaccacttcttgattcttggggctgcatccttgctcttgcttttgatgagatgttgccctgcactcccatcttgccacctttgccttctgctgcatgtctcgtgcatccttttttcttcttatcaggactcatgcaatcacattgggtcctcccagataatccagaataatctccctattttaagggcagctgattagtaaccttaattacatctgcaaaTTAGAGGTCATCTTTAGAATGTTGCCCACCACATG
>Human| chr16:89668341-89669840 | element 200013 | negative
ACCCCACGGTAAGAATGCTGGGCGCTGCTCCCGTGCTCAGGAGATGTGGCTCCCGGGAAACTGACGATGCTGCGAGGAAGCTCAAGCGCCCGCACCCCAGCTGAGCTCCCGGCTGGCAGCCAGTGCCAGGGGCCACCATGCGAGTGCACCACCTCCAGCAGCTCctgtagccccgggcaggatgccctgcctgcatcctcacgagaggcctgagccaaagccacacggcaaatcctcgtgtggattcctgacccaggtcgtggcccgggttaatccacggttgctgttcgaagccactcggtttgggcgtgatgagtcgtagggcaggaggtaacagacacaTCCTCTTTCCCAGGGATCTTGTGAGGAATGAACGAGGGATGCAGGAGCCCCTGCTGGATAAATAGGTGTCAGTTTCACAAGGGGAGCCGGCTTCTCCTTATTCTCAGGAACCACCAATCACAGCTGCTGAGCATCCCCCACCCTGTCTTGCTGGCCACCGGCTGCCTGGGCCTCACAGGCTGAGGACGCGGGGTCAACCCCTGCCCACCCATGCGCGGAGTCGGATGAGGGCTCTGACTCGGTGGGTGGGGGGGGCAGCTGGAGGGAGTGGGAAGAGCAGCAGCTCAGCGTCCAGGCTGTTCTTTCTCCTGCTGCCGAGGCGAGTACAGGCAGGAAGTTGTGACTAAGTGCTTGTAATTGGTGCGGGGGCTGTGGCAGGGCTGTCAGACAGGAGTACCGCCGGCCCCTGGCACAGCAGGGCCGTGGGCGAAAGCTGTCTTCCTTGCCACCTCACGCCTCACCTGTCCCTGCACTGGGGCCCCACCCCCATCAGAGCCCACCCAGGACCCCTGTCCAGCTGGTGCCTCCCTCCCCTCACCCCATCAAGACCCACCACAGCCCAGGAGTACTGAGTATTCCAGTACTCACTGAGCTAAGTTCCCACAACAACCCCGCCTGGCTGACTGTTGTGAGTGCATCTCACTGACGGGACGGCCGACCTCAGAAAAACCCTAGGTGCACTGCTGGGGAGGCAGGGCAGGGTGGCGAGCTGGGTCTGGCCCCTGGGTTCCCAGCACTCAGCCTGGAGCCCCTAGGTCCTGGCTGAGCACAtgtgtgtctgttaggcatgtgtgcgtgcatgtgtgcataggcatgtgtgggtgcatggatgcacgggtgcatatgtgtgcatgggtgtatctgtgttgctctgtgtgtgcataggcatgtatgcatgtgtgcatgtgtgtgcatgcatgtgtgtgcatggatgtatgggtgcatacgtgtgCACAGGTGTAGATGTGTTGCCCTGTGCATGTGGAAGAGGCTGGAGTGGGGGTGTTGGTCCTCACTGCTTTACTGAAACATCTTTAGGAGCCCCAGTTGCACTGGGACTTGGCCACACTGCCAGCCCTCCCCATCCCAGGCAGTCAGCATCCAGACCCCAGGTGGAGCAAGTGACGTGCAAGGTCTTGGTGCCCCATTACTCCACCA
>Human| chr16:46811603-46813102 | element 200014 | negative
cactgcaacctccacctcccaggttcaagcaattttcctgcctcagtctcccaagtggctgggactacaggcctgcaccgctaAAggtagtggctgctgtaatcacgcaggctgcagcaggggctacacactccatggagcctgagggagccccgcccctgctaagttggagccaggagctccccgggtgcaactgcagccagccaaaccccagctgcagacccagacgtcctgacctacggagcaggccaggagccctgccctcccaaactacagctgtggatccgagcctacctgtgctcttgtgggggcggggtgtggggggagcgcaggaacaggcaagatctaccctcccaggtgcagcggacctgtggctgcagacctgggcctcccactctacagaggaggcaggagctgggggacaagcgtgagccttccgagttggcgggatgggagctccagggtgcagctgtggctgccctcccaggtgcaggaccggacatctctgcagcctgcaccctccaaggccccaggaaggaccctccgcccatctctgcaggctcagaggtttccgctcccactgcctggcctctcttggctcctggcgcctgctctcatctcagagtggggttggggcccagccccagggccatgaatggcagcaggagacagacagagtcctgggcagaagaggcaggtccccaggaagtccccatcttcaaccagggagggccagaaggctggggactgggctgccagtccaatggactggagtggggacttttgctgccttttcctgctggcctatggcggcccatgacacccatggaccaatgggcacacacttcctcccctctgaggtccataaaggccctgggctcagccagagcagggcagcagacagccagaggatgaagggggcagagagacaacaggatgatcagctgcagagaggagtaccctgtctgctgagagctggagaggatgggacaaccacctgcagagaggagctaccctctctgctgagagctttagtgactacctgaccgcacagaagaggcaccctttccagggcctcctctccactgagaactgcagatatctgggacaaccagttgcacagaggagctaccctctccagggcctcctctctgctgagaactgaacacttggtggatgacctgcctatagagaggagctaccccctgcaggtctcctctgagctactgtaacacttaataaagctcattttcatttgctgagttgttgtaatacttgataaagctcatcttcatgttcacccttcactttgctgaacgctggacaagaactcagacaattggtcacccttcacttgtctgctcttcctggacacagacaggacaagaactcaggcaaaggtgccatggcctgcagaggtttctgggaagaaaactgacatcccaaagatcccgGCCATGCTTTAGTAGatgttgaccaggctgttctcaaactcctgcc
>Human| chr7:127131576-127133075 | element 200015 | negative
AAATTCTAGTTGTTCTTGCTTGCTTACACATGAAATACTTTCTTCAAGAGCCATAGTCCTAGGACAGTAAATCCAATTGACTAAGCTTAGACCATGGGCCTTCCCTTTGGATGTGCAGAATCACTGACAGAAAAGATCTAATGAAAGAAATGTCCAAGATCCCTTCCTTCCATGATAGGAAAACAGGGACCCCTGGATCTACCTTTCTTCAATGACTGCCTACAATAGAGGAGAGATAATTTCAAAAAAAAATCAATCAATTGATCAAGGCACTGTAGGATGCTGGGATACAAACAAACAAACAAAAATTCTTGCACAACTTCCTAGCCTGCCTCATAAGGCaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGAGAGAGAGAGAGAaagaaaaaggaaataagtggtaaatatctcaagagaataaattaaacattcattatttgaagataatataatagtcaagttggaaattgtaatagaataaactgaaaattattaatatattcataattagtacaagtacactaaagtggctgaatccaagatcaaaccaaaaaatcaataaatttcttatataccagcatcaccaagtagaaaatgtaatgagaaaaaaaaaatttacagaaacagaaaaacctaggaaatactcagaaacaatcttaacaagaaatgcatacaactcatctaaatgaaaatataaaaatttgctgaaggataccctgaagaaggcctaagtaaatgaaatataccatgtttctgaatgggaaaacccaacactgtaaagctacctgataaatctataaatccaataaatctcaatgaagatgcaagcataattatattatgaaacttacaagctttttacaaagttcatctggaagagaaaacatacaagaatacatttgaaaaaaacattcatgcagtattttccataccaggcttcaaagcgaaagctttaatatttaaaatatgtagtatagacaacagaggacaacagagattctagaaatagacacataTTCATAATTTCTGTTGTGAATCaaatggcattggtaaaattggctgaccatttggaaacaaaaattagatccctacaacctatgttccacaaaaataaatacacatagattaaagagctaaatgtaaagtcaaaactatacaaGATAATTTTATATAATCTTGAAGTGGAAGGTTTTTATCAAACCCAGAGGCCATATATTGACCatttgactatattaaaatttttcacttttatataataaaaggtacctttaaaaacgggggaaaggggcaacagactgtgagaaagcgtctgtaagagcgcctaaaaatcagtaagcaaaagacaaaccaattttaaaataggcaaaggataaaacaagaattttaccaaaatgtttcacactacacatgtgaaaagatgtttaatattactgttgattaaaataatgcaaataaaagcaagaattgaatatttttacagttggatttgcaaatgttaaatat
>Human| chr7:140981900-140983399 | element 200016 | negative
GGATGAAAAACTGGTCGAAAGAAGAGGTGTTTAGAAGGTAGAGCAGAACAAGAGGCACTCTAGACCTAGATGGAGTGGCCAGGGAAATAGGAGGAAAATCCGTTGCCAACAGAGAAAATGCAAAGAAGGAAATATTCATAAGGCCTGAAAAATACCCCTGGGTTTGCAAGTTACGGGTTTGCCAATTGTGAGGCTTCTGTAACCCTGCCCTTGGGGAGAACAGTTTTGAAGCATCCACTGGTGGATTGGAGAAACAGACTGCAGTGGTTGGAGAGAGGATGGAAGAGAAGACGCTAAGATAGGGCTCAACTATAAGGAATGAATTGTAGAATTAAGCCACCTGCCTATAATCAGTAGGGCTTTCCTTTTTTATCTCTTTTGCTCATTATTATCACACCATATCCCTGAGGGTGAAGAACAACTTTGAAGAGGCAATGCCTGATAAATCTGGaataggggagaataattgggaaattcattaatgatcactccatttgtaattcttttacggagtccaaatggtagtttacaacaccaatttaagccttatcgcatgagaggtattgacttagtatgagtccctggagaggaatgctagtgaaattcaaacatacttgtgaatgtaaattcaaacccaCATAGGACTGTAATCAAGGCACAGCCTATTCAGCAAATGAACACTTGAAGATGCAGGAATGGCAGATAACAATCTCAAAATATTTTCATTTTTCATTCTTTCTCCCCAACTGCATTGGGATGAAAAAGAAGGACAGGAAATAATAATGAAAAATTCTAGGTATaatgatagatataatttattgaatgcttaggtggtgccagacactgtgctgagtctagtttgcaaactatctcatctaTTAGGTTGGTACAAAAGTAATTGTACCAACCTAATAATGCTTCCTCTAATctatgagggagggactattactatccccgttttggcactgaagaacttgaagGCCAGTTGGTCACAAGTCTGGTTCCATGGATGTCACCATCCCAACTGGGCAGGCCTGGCTGTGTCCTAAGAGCATAGACTCAGCTCTTTCCCAAATGCACTGGCTCTCAGCTTATTTGTCAGCAAAGGGAGGTTGGTTCAAAATGCCTCTAACGTGCTCTCTGGCTGTAACATTCAACCAACTTCTTCCTCCTGTGGTTGCCTTTGCCTCTGGCCCCAGGAATCCAGCAAATGTGCTTTAGCCCAAGCTGAGAGTGACCAGTGGGAATGAAGATATCAGTCTTCCAGACTGGGGAAGCAGACGGTGAATTTCAAGTGCACCAGAGGAATATGGGAGTCCCAGCAGTGGCTTCCTTCTTAAACATTTACCATCCTGTGTCCTGCAGCAAGGGGATGGCATTCCCCCTGGATGGACTCTGATTTGCTTTTAAGTGTGCATTTCTCTAGAAATCTTTTTTTCTTATTCTTCACCTTTTAATTTTGTATGTTTCACTTTTCACGTGTCTTATTGCAAAGACAAA
>Human| chr9:127120186-127121685 | element 200017 | negative
CTGCACACGAGGCACTCAGAAAACAGCAGTGAAACAGAAGGCAGGCAGCAACGGCAGTGGTACTGGACCTGGGGAACACCAAGTTCAAGCTCTATATACAACGAGGACAAAAATGAACCAGGCTCCCTGAAAGCAGGGAATCTAACCTGTGCTACGGCGCCTTCCCAGTCCACGAGGGCGTGAGAGTACATACACATGCAAGTGCACTCCAGCGCTCACCCAAGCAACACCCTTGGAGAAACACGGACTCCAGGCCCAAATCCAGCCTGAGACCCTCAAAGGGCAGATCCGCTAACCTCAAGTTTTCAGAAGATCTGAACCCACTGGGGGCTCCTGCTCCTCTGCCTGCCCCATGCCAGACTAGGATTCCAGTGACATAAGCGCCCTCTACAGACTCAGAAGGACAGAGAAGGTTCTGCTGGAAGTGGGCTCCTCAGCAAACCAGCAGATAGGGGTTCCTTTGATATTTATACCCCAGGTTTTTTCACTCTCACGTGACATCTATGTGGGGCCAATGAAGCCAATTCTTCTTTTGTACATATGCAGTCCTGTAAGAATGCATTCAAACGGGATCCGCTAATTAGGAATTTTCTCCTGGAATTCTCAACAGTCTATGGGGCCAGAAGCTTTCCACAAACCAGTGAAGGTGGCAGCAAAGAAAGCCTCTTAGACGAGGAGCTGGCAGCAGCTGCTATCTAGATAGACAGCAAAAACCAACCACTAATTCAGCAAACACAACCTCATACCTAACCGCTTCCCTTTAAATGGCCTTCGGTGTGTGCGCACATGGGCACGTGCGGGGAGAACCATACTTATTCCCCTGTTCCCGGCCTACCACCTCTGCTCCCCCTTCTCTTCTCTACCATTTAACTGTCTCCTCTGCTTTGTTTCTTATCACTGCTGCTGGTGTCTAGAGCCAGCCAGCAGTACCTGGCAGACATCGCGACCCTGCGGGCAGCGCTTAGGACTGCACATTTACATTTCCCAAATGATCTGGGTAGATGGGGACAGGTGAAGACTTGGGGAAACGGAAATATACGAATGACATGAGACATGCATATCTAGTGTCAATCCATTCGACTGGGCACAGGACAGCAGACTGCTGACAGTGCTATGTAAGATTATGAGTGATCCTCCCTCTATTTTGCAAACAGTCTGTAAGTAACTGATAAAACTTTAAAATATGCAAATTTTAAAATTATATAGTTTGATTTACTCATCAAATTATCATGTATGCTGTTATTTAAGTATGAATAAAGGCTTTTTTAAATTGGGAAAATACATCTTTTAAATTCCTTTCCTCCCCACCAATTCTAGGGAAGATCATTCCTTAAGGAAGAAAATCTCAAGTTTCTCACTTTTTTCCCCCCAGTCCCACTCCATGTCTCATATACACATGGCTGAAGATGTTAGGAGATGGAATGAAACTTAGATTTATGGAGCACCTATATGCTCACTAAAAcaatcaatcaatcaacatctaccagcactctaacgtgc
>Human| chrX:12710296-12711795 | element 200018 | negative
GCTCCAGTTACATTTCTTTTAAAATGTTGGAAGGAAATAAACTTCTAATAATCATTCTTTCTTTAACTTTATTTTTCCTTATAGAATCAGAACTAGAAGTGAAGTGCTAAAAATCAAGTGAAGTGCTAAAAATCTCTAGAAAAGAAAACGGATTTAAATATCCTGAAACAAACCAGCTATATGCCTTTGAAATCAATGCATATGAAAAAATCGATTGCTAAAATATTTGTAGGCATGATAAAAGTGGAGAGTAAGAAATTATATTTTTTCCAATAATAAAATCATTTTAAAACATTTAATTTCTATGAAAACCTCCCAATGGAACTTTTAAGCAACTTTACCTGAATTTCTAGTGGTTTGATACTAAACTTCTGCTAGAAAACATTATTTATATACTACTTAAAGTTTCCAAGAAATTGTTTCTGTTTGTTTATTTTAGAAAGTGTTATGGACTGCCATTTCTAATGGCTTGAGGCAACCTTTTTGCATTACGTTAATTCATTTCCCAAAACCAGTGTAACCTTCTGATACTAAAAGTAAACTCAAGATAAGATGGCTTATGGAAAATTCAAGAAAGAAAAGTTGAACCAGTAATTAAAGGAGTCAGAGATATAGTGATTCCTGACTTTCTAACACACCAGGACAAACCTTCTGGCAAAATAGCTCATGAAGTCGCTGTGAAACACAACAGCAAGGCTGGCCAGCACTAGTGGCCTCTTAGTGTCCCCAATTTCTTTATTCCTGGTTTGCTTTACCCTCAGCCAGTGATAAGTAGCCCATAGCCCTCAAGTCTCAGGAATCCACTCGGCTCTGCAGGCCTGCCCACAGCCagaaagctggtgtgactactcaggatgcccacatatgtacaagtagggtgtctttttccattggaattcttctgttcaacaaagttagcgaactgtaaatacatacacatgcatgcatacacacaccacgggactcaataaagctattttattttaaatTTTTTAATTGCAGCTCACATTTTTGTATTGCCAGATCTGTCCCCTGCATAAGAGTATTACACACAACTGTGTTGGTTCATGCTGCATGGTTTTCATTTTGTTTTGTTGACTCCTTGAAGGGAAATCGATGAGCTCTTGCCTTCTTTCTTAGAGTCCAATGTCTTTCATTCATTCAAGTGTTTATTAAACACCTATTATTATTTATTAATTGATTTCCTTTTGTTGCAAAAGGAATTAAGAAACGAACTTCTAGTATGTGACACATATTATGCTGTATAAAATGAAAACAAACTGAAATGAGCCATGGTCCTTAACCCTGAAGAACCTGTGGTATATTTTAAGCTCCATTGAGCAAGTGGAACAATATCATCATGATATCAGAAGTTTGGAGTAGTTTGAATACTTGTAGAATCTGGTGTACTACATGGGCCAAAACTTCTGTCTTCCTACTTTCCAATGTGATGTCATCTAAGGTTGACACTATCATGTTTTCATTGCAATAGTCAGTCTG
>Human| chrX:39009465-39010964 | element 200019 | negative
CATTTACAATTGAGACTTCTTCCTTATGAAAATGTAACATCTTGAACTATGTTTTTATGGCCCCTTTTTACAAAAATAAGAAAGGAAATTAATTAATTTCCTTGTACACAGGAAAGACTCATGAGGTCTTGCCGGTTGTGCGCAGAAAGGATGTGCGctctctttctctctcactctctctttctctctctctctctctctctctctctGGGCCTCCTGCTGTGTGACAGTGAAATGCTAAAATGATTTTGGCAGGAGAATATTCTCAAAGGCTGTTTTTATTTCAGCAGCAGAAGAGTATCTCAGAACGCAGGCTGCACCTCTGCCCTGTGGGGCTGTTTCTAATTGCATGAGGTGAGCTGCAGAAGTCCTTCCCCCAGCCGGATGGGGAGAAAGTGGTAAGAAACCTAAGGAAGATAATCGTGTCTGCCACACTCAGCGCTCGCCACTTAAAGGAATTAACTTGTTGGAATGAAATATTTCTATGGATGCAGAAAACTATGCATTAGAATAATGAGACTAACCCCTTCTTACGCATTGCAATCACTGGGGTTTGTTTCTTCCCTCTCTAATCATAACATGCTATCTTCCTCCTTGCTCACACCTCTGTAGGCAAGACTGGCTGCGAATACTTTAGATTATCACCTTCTCATTTTCAGTGTGAAATAATTGCCCAAGGATGGAAACTGACAAACAAGAATGTGGATTTCAGAAAGCAGCCCTTTTGTTATTTAGGATAGCCAAACTAAAATGGAGACAGGTAGATTGTGTGCCATCAACTTCCCCCATCCTCACACTTCCCCCTTTAGAAAAAGCTTTGTGCTTTTGCAGACCTGGATTGATTTGAAACTTGAAAGGCAGTTGAGATACTGATGTGTTTAATTAAAAACCTATGCTATACAGCAGCAtaaaggtatgaggctctggggataagcctcatggctttccctcttggtgccaccatgtactggctgtgtgacctttggcaaattattgaacctctctgtgcttcagtattttcctctataaaacaggacaatgataattatgctttataggatggtgaggtttaaatgagtcaatacatgccaagtgcttagaaaaatgattaacatatagtacacattccctaaataccagttattcttATTTATGCTCTTGGAAAGGAGAGAGAGGCTGCCTTCCTTCTCTCTTTCAGGAATATTAAGCATTGTgctcctgccctcagggagctttagtttagtgcctgtgccagttgtgtaaacaactcattataagacgcatttaaataaattctgagtaaggataatagcaacatggtatgggtgtcctaagaggagacacgcttaattgtggattgtggaccacaacatgaaggaggtggcatttgagctggaccttggtggaataaacagcctctgtaagcagagaacaaaagaaaggtgttccaggctgtgggagaagcaaggacacaggcgaagggaggagagagtgcctgac
>Human| chrX:125557588-125559087 | element 200020 | negative
aactattggataccttgagttagttgtatttgtgttaaattgccttggtactgcataaccttcttatataaggatattgctgcctttctctaggatttgaaaattctgttattttccctttgaataaactttctacacctgtctctttctctgcctcctctttacagacaataattctgacatttacacttttgaggctattttccagatcctttaggtgtgctttattgttttgtattatttttttcttttgtctcttctgactgtgtattttcaaatagcttctattcaagtgcactaattctttcttctgcttgatcaattctgctattaaaagactggtccattcttcagtaagtcaattgtatttttcaactccagaatttctatttgattattttaaactatataaacatctttcatgcatttctctgatagaactcagaattttttttctgggttcttttgaatttctttgagtttcctcaactcagctatttttaattatctttccgaaagtttacctgtctctgtttctgcaggataagtttctcatgccttatttagtttatttcatgaggtaatgttttcctggatcatcttgatacttgcaaatgttctttattgtctggccattgaagatttaggtacttaatttgtctgcacagtctgggcttctttgtacccctccttcttgggtaggctttccagaaatttgaaaagacttggctgttgtaatctaagctgtatttgctttagggtcactccaagctcagtaacactgttgttcttacagactcttagaggtactgccttaatggtcttggacaatatccaggcaaatgctatggattaccaggcagagacttttgttctctccccttaatttctgtcaaacagggtctgtcttgctctgtcctcagtcaactgaagctggggttgtagtgacaccactattacttcaggattgctaagtcaattctgaagccagcatagcactcagtctcacccaaggcctgctgtaaccacttcctagttccctcttatgtttgttcaaggccttggggctctgcatacagctttttgcaatgccagccaagtctgtgtccttcccttcaaggctgaaagttcaaccagtccaccaagtagacttctaaggatttttactctagtccatgtcatctgaaagccatggactacagtaataaaccatggaagtctacctggtgttccactgtacttcagctaagctagtgctcaaacaacaagaaatagtcttctcccactcttctttcctaaggcagagaagcctcaacccatggccactgccaccacaggccactgttgagtacttccagactacttctgatgtacccttatggcctaagggctcttcatttagcttgctgtaaatgctgcgtgacctgagaccacaagtcagggcaatgggctctcctctggcccagggcaggtccagaattgctatccaaaagccaagtc
>Human| chrX:30479214-30480713 | element 200021 | negative
GGCTTCACTTGGAAGAAAAATGATCTCAtacattctcacctgtagtgtgtgagagatgaagctgctccacattcccactaccacttggtattgtcagactaatttttttcctatctggtggttatattttggtatcttattgtagcctaagtttgcattatcttgattataaatggaattgagcaactttttctgtgcttttatcacttgatgtcatctttacgcagtatctgttcatgattttggaccattttcctacaggattgtttgtatttttctcatttacttgtaggagttctttatatatccccagtggtagtccttttttggccgcatattgcaaatctcatcttccactctgtgcctttcgttttacatgttagtcatgatttttgatatttgctcctaatttaaaattattgatcttaatccttaatggttagtgattttactattctgtgtaagaagtctttccctaccttgaggttatgaaaatattcatttatatttacttatagaaattttatcattttgcttttcacattaaggtttatgatacatctagaaattatgttatgtatggtttgaggaacagattgctgtttctttttttttgtcatatcattatccaattgtcccagcctcacttattgaaaaaactgtccttgctccactgccatgcccagtctgtcacaaatcgagtgtccattcatgtttggacttacatctggctttcctaatcagttccattgttctatttatttatctgcataccagtacaataactgctatcttttataataggttttgatatccagtagtgcaagactccctaccttgttaatatccttcaaagataatttggtctgtttagccttttgtattcccatctaaatttcaggataagtttgtcaagtttcactaaaaaatttgatgggtttttggttggcattttattgaatccagtggattaatttggaataattgttatgtatacaataacaaaccaattggtccacaaagataatatatcatgtaatttatttggattttctttaatttttatctttaatgagggaaattgaggttttctcagcagattagatttattcctagatacgatataacttttaattctattataaattatacctgtttgttttattttctgtttgttgctactacacagaatcatttgattatataatcaacagtgattttcaatgttgattttataaccaaccaccttgttagactcggctaatttgtctgttgattcttttaaatttttcatgtacacacgatgatatcatttgtgaatggctgttttactacttccctttcaaATCTGCCCAAACTTTCCCAAGATGCCTATTTTCCCAGATATTCGCTGTATCATTGTACATGCATACAAAGGTATTAAAtttttaaataagtttttgcagagaaatggcacatatgcagaaaatgcataagtcacaattatacaagctgatgatt
>Human| chrX:10422532-10424031 | element 200022 | negative
gacctggctgtattcccataaaactttatttacaaaaccaggtagcaggccaggtttggctcatgggctgtggtttgccaacccatgTTTCATGGCATGAAAGAGCAGTGTTAACATGGTATAGCTCATCCAATGATCAGAGCTCTATAATCTTGAACAGAGAACCCACAGGTGTGGGTATTAGTaatatatggttgttgtttgaatctgctgagtttgggggtgtttgttatgcagtattatcctagcaagagctgactaatacaACTTTTCTGCATTTTATTCTTTAAGATGCATTACAGTATGGGTTGACTCTCTAAGTACAGAATGAGATGTGCCTTTTTATAACTGCAGGACAATAGAAATAAGTTGCTTACCATGTGCTTCCACTTATGACCACTTCCCAATAATGCCGGCCACTATCAATAAACACATTTCCAGCTACTCCATAGCTCCCCTGGCTGGTGAAGCGTTCAGGTGTGTGACTCTTCTTGGATGATGACTCATCACGTTCTACTGTCAAGTTATCATGGGACACCTTCAGTTTTCGATGAGCAGATTTGGGATCCAGTTTAAATGGTTGGCCTGAAAACAAATTCACAAAACAGAAAAAGGAAGAGGAAGAGGATTGTTTATTTTATCATAACCAATAGCATATTTTCAAAATCAGGTTTAAAAGACAGGAACAAGCCAGCCCTCCCTGAGTCATGCCTCCTATCACAAAGTGGTATCTTATATTTTAATAGTAATTTAAACATTATAAGCAACTTTCAAAGACATTTGCTTGCAAAGTTTTCATAATATTCAAAAGACAATAGAGAGCAGCAACTCTGTGTATAGTACAGTACACAGTAAGAGTGAAAAAGAACATGTTCCTGTCTTCATAAGCTTTCAGTCTACCAGTTCTAAGATAGGGATCCAGTGGTGGCATGCCAACTATTCAACAACAGCATGGATAAGGCTTAGCCAGAAAACATAGGGTGAGCTAGCTTCACGGATTCCAGGTGTATACAAGCAGCACAGGTACATACTGGCTGGATAGCATCCTGAAAAGGAGGAATGAATGAAGACTCCATTTTCAACCACTGCAGTGTTCTATCCAGCATAAGATGCATTCATGCTCAATAGACTTCAGACCAGAAACCAAACAAATCAAGATCTTGGGTCTTAACATATAGAATATTCTAGAGGTTTATATTATTCTGAGATTATTAAAAATTAAAGCATTACTCTTAGGAATTTAGGATGAGAATACAATTTTCAGGCCACAAAATTAGGAAAAAATGTGATAGCAATGCCTGGGTTTTCTACTCATGAAATTATTTATATATAATAAGGCCTTCTCTATTTCATTACTCACATTTGTGTCTTAAAGATTTAAGTATTAAAAAAATCTTGGCAGAGTCACACCTGGACATTTTGTCATAGTTGTTACTTCTTCTTTGACAATTCAATATTGGTTTGGAGTACTGCCTGTCATTCAACACTGCATTGGGTACA
>Human| chr16:48999072-49000571 | element 200023 | negative
ACTCATCATGGGGCTTACTCGCCAGGAGGGCCTTGGCACCAGCAGATGGAACAAGAGGAAAAGCAAGAGCTGTGATGCCACAAAGGAAAGGGGCTTCACCCCATTGCCTTGGACCCAGCGGTCTGGAAACAGCCCTGCAAGCCCGCTAACTCTGTGTAGACAGATGAAGGAGGGACGGGGAGGAGGGACAAGGAAGCCCAGGAATGAGTGTAGCAACTGCCATGAGGTGGTCCCTCCCCAGTAGCCCCCTCCCCTCCATAGAGCAATGGCTTGAAGCCCAGGAATCATTGGTTTGCCCACAAATCCAAATGGGATGACATGCACATCGTCTGATTGGCTGAGAATGGCTTGTTAATTAGGAAATCAAATCGGGGCTGCACACTCAAAGCTGTTTGTCGGTTTGTGGGAGTTTGTTTACTTTGCTTTATTGAGTGGGTGGCTCTTGCCATCATGATAATAGAGAGCTGATAAACAAAGAAAACACAGGAAATCATTTGGCCTTCAGCCCAAAATGAAGGCTGGAGGGAACCAGGGTTTCAGTGCTGGAGGAGGGGACAGCAGCTGTTCTAGCCTGTGCAGGGAAAGACTCATCTCTTTTTGGCCAGAACAGACCTCTGGGCCCAGGACGCCACCCCTGCTTCTCATCACAGCCCGAGTCCCTGCTGATAATcaggtgtggatgtaggctccaaggggaagcttgtccaattgtgggatcctctttaagaaaaaagaacacgaaattagatatgaaagtgaatattgatttagagcaaaaaaaaaaagaaataatgaaaaaaacagtttaaaagctgacTTAGATAGTGCTAGTGGCTTCCTGAAAGCTATACAGCACCACAGATGGGCaccacaaacatcagaaaatccaaaaaatagcatgacgtttgtattcattaactgctgacacacctctaaaatattttccaaattctctctatgtattggctttatactctttgattgcctcttcccatgacaatgattatgtgtctatagggaaattagaaagatCCTTTTGcagaaaaaaacttccattttgatgaggcatcagcaaaagccagcttcttcatttcccattgcacatgtctgaggattaggggcacaagccacagactagcttctaggacctacactttctcactcttttctggggtcgagtgcatttgggcctgttcatctcatgatgtgacctctggccttgtttcttcatgtcatgacacaaagggagcgagtagagatattcctggaagtcatgcctacaccagaacagctggcaaaagctaaagtctccatgagatcaattgaaaactgtgtaaatatatccccttatgttcatgctagatgtaactctgacacaacctcttcccagtcagatccccaaatgcccacactttcccaacatcgcctggcaggagcacatggccggggaaagaaatagcggagtcagctgatgtggttcaaataccttgcttttgcagg
>Human| chr13:86299326-86300825 | element 200024 | negative
ATTTCATGACTCCAATTGCCTGTACCCAATTACATAATACACTTTACTTCAAATTAGTCACCTAAGCAAACACTCTAGTTTACTCTTTATAAATTAAGTCATGTACTCTGATCACACAAAAGTGAATAATTTGAAAAGTATAGAACAGTATACCTCTGTTTATTTCTACTGGATATTATGAAGAGTTTCTGACACTAAAAATAATATTACGACCTGTTCTTGCTGGAGAACATATCATTATTCCACTGTATATGGGGTTTAGTGAGTAGTGGTTGAGTTTCAGGAAAAAAAATTAAAAAAAATTCCAAATAGGTAATTTATAACTAATTTGTGAAAAATGTACTTTCTGCATTGTTAAATATTTATTGTAAATGTGATTCAAAAGTTGAAACTGGTCATTTGTACCAGCTGGTGACACCTTGTAGCTCTGCATAATACTAATGAAATTTAATCCTACCCGGCAACAGAATTCACTGAAGGAAGATACGGGACCTTGGTGGATGACACATGTGAATGACCTGGCTCCCAAAACAGACAGACAATAGGAAGTAGCATTGAGTTTCTAATTTCAGAATTAGGTTATCATTTTTACCTTTCCCCCTCTAACCAAATGACCTAATAAATCATGTATTTGAAAGGCACAAAGATTTTCATGCATTCTCCTGTTTAAATCAACTTATGATCCTCAATAATTTTATATCAGAACTAGGAAATttttgtgtagacaggtaaaatttatattgagcatgatctctctagttcttaataaattaccaagtataatatcaaagcctacgggaaaatgaggccaattataaattgtctaattgtgtttctgagaaacgtcaacacaagttaatagaaaatagctaaatacttataatccttatctcctcaggtataacattggcttgtgaaaagaaaacttgcatttgtcaaaaattttaatatattttgaataaaacaattccatccaaatctacgatatacagtaaataaaagattttctttaaaaacataccaacgcaaaatagtttacaatatggatttagctagagggctatgaattaatattatgtatgttaacatggattggaAGCCAATATTTATGGCAAGAATTAAATTCTGTCAAAAATCCAATGTTATATGTTTTCTTCACACTGAGCAAGAATAGTTACTTCTCCACAGAAATGGTTTTTAAACACTCCTGGTAAAAATGACTCTCTTCGATTAAGTGTACTCAAATCAACAATGCCTTCTTTTCTTACTGATCACCAAGTACAAAACCCAGCACGCTCAGTATAGGACCTAGGTAGACTACATGAAGCTTGAAACACACAATTCACATTTCCAGGCCATTATAATCTTTTATTTGGATAGAAGAACATCTTGAAGATGAGTCAATATTTTTCTTGTTGTTTTAGTTATGAATTTGGATTGAAACTGTGAAATGATTATAATTGGATTTCAATAAATTTTTTTCCTTGGTGATTCTGTGCT
>Human| chr13:84317567-84319066 | element 200025 | negative
gtttatcATCTCCAGGCTATAAAGAAAAATATCTGTATCTGATGAAGAGTAATGCATATTGCATTGAGATACTGGTCATGAAGCTAGGTACAAAAATTGTATGTGATTCAGTTGTCTTCTGAAAAGATTGGAGTTACCATGTTTGAAAGTGTATACAAAAAGAAAAAATACTGTTATTGGATGGCTGAAGTGGTAGAAAATAGAAGGTATTGCCATTGAACTCCACAGACACACATTCTTCCCCCAACTACCCAGCTACACTACCCTTTAATGTACAGTTGGGTGGGCTCAGAATAGTCTATGACTTAATGATTATCTTAGCCCCCTTGCCATTTATTGCTATAGGAAACCCAGTCTATATCGATCAGCATATAGTAATTTTACAGTGAAAGAAATAAGTACAATTCAAGCCAAAAGTTTACCACTGACTTCCTGGAAAATTTTTTCACTTTAAAAATCTAGGCAGTGGTCATCTCTTCCCTGCTGAATAAAATTGCTATTGTTCCCCTCTGCAATCATTCTAGATCCTCCGTGCCCGCCAAaggaagaccaagtggaaccatggaaaaaatatgtattaatcatgatgctactgtgcccctaaatcatcaggtcctggatctcatgctaagctgtagacttcttttaatgtgattaaatacatattaatattgttcaaagtaattggagttagattttctgcttcttacagcagaaagaatATGAGGGAATACTTTGCCTCCAGGTTTGATCAAATATTAGCTTCATCTTGACTCAATAATTGATTTATCCTTTCAACATTTATTAAATATCTACTATCTCAGTAAAACTATATTTGACTGTaaataagtgtcttagacaaaacatatgtttatttctctcttgcataaacacacttccaaggtaaagggtccaaagcaatttactgactctgttgtatgaactcccttaggaatcaaagacttcctgtttagaactctgctatccaatggatttgcccccagtgtcatgtttcaaaatggaatacacatatcccaagaagtgacatgaaggagggaaccaaaaacaataaggccaaaatgtgtgtgccagctctcgcttaaggaaggtttctacaaattgccagatgacatttcttcctatatcccatctgacctgaatttaCGCTCGCTCCTTGAGTCATGTGTATTTTGGATTGGCATGTATAATTTAGAAAATTTGGAGTATAGATACTGAGGACAGCTAACAATCTCTGCCACTACCACTACGTGCCAGAAATTATGTTAGCTGCGGAACATTAGCAAGATTCAGGATTTACAATAATTTTGTGACAAATATATGACCAATAGAtaagataaccatgtaatttattgcccaaaccagaacaactttaagcatgaaagaaggttctaTTTAAAATTTTGCTGGATAATCAACATAAATCGAAACTGCTCCTGGATATTACAAAAGTGTGCAGGTAGGCAGTATCATTTAGGTATT
>Human| chrX:62065444-62066943 | element 200026 | negative
AATGGTCCTTTCATGTCTACGTCACTCTCCTTGCTGCTTCCCACATTTGTCATGCTCATTCACATCTCTGTGCCCGTATTCAATTTTTCCTCATTCTCCTCCCCTCTGTCGGTATAAATCCTACCTACCCTTCTAGTTCCAGTTTGGCAATAACTTCCCACCCCCTTTAAAATGCACCAGTACACCTTGATTTCTTTTATTCTCAGAAGCCCCATTGCACTTAACAGTCCAGCAATGAACGGATTAATAATTTTTCTCTACTCCGTTCCCAAGTGTAAGGTTTTATGTTTCACTATTAGTCCCAATTACATTCCAAGCTCATTAAAGAGTGAACACTTTAAACTTCTTCTCTTAGTTTCCTCTTTGAGTGTCAGGGTGCCTGAAACAGCACTGGCTCTATAAAGGGCCACCAGAAACATGTCAAATCTATGCCCTTTTATGTCACTGGAAGTAGCTACATCGCTGCATTCCTCACCTTCCCTAGCACAGTGCAGAACATAAGGAAGATGTTAACTAGATTCAGTGAGTTGGACTGAATATGTCCCACCAAATATTTTTGTTGTTTTTAGGATAGACAGGAAAGTGCTTTGGAGCCATCACGGAGGGCTATTAAACTTCCCCAATGTATATATTTCATGTAATAAGAAAGGCTTTGTAAAAAAAAAAGTCAATATTAACACAATATGAGTTACTAGTTTAAGCTCAAGGTTAAATTTGCTGAGCCCATTGTATTATTTTTATTAAAAACGTCAGGTTCTGTCTATCTCTTTGGTTCCTTTTGTACTTCTCTCCAACTATCTTGTGAAGCGTATCATTTCATTCTTATTATTTAAGAATGGTCAATGAAATATAGGCTAACCCAGGCTAAAAGTATACTGTCTAATCCATGGGCTTATCATTTAAAAATAAAGTCCTTGCCTGTTGCTACAGCTACAAAACAGCACTGAATCCAAGGCAATGGAGTCCATGCAGGCTAATTATAAAAGCTGAATGCATTAGCTCATGTGAGGAGTAAAAAGGCTGGAAGCCTTAAGAGTGGAGAGAAATGCCTCAGGCCTCCTTTTCTTACTGATTCACATGTAGCTCATGTGTGAAAGACAATCAGGCTGAATGGAAAGCAGATCCTTATTCATCTTACTCCTTCTGCAACCACATCATCAACTCTGGTCTCTCTTGAGTGTGGCTAACAATGAACGGCAATGAAAATCAAATATAATTCATGCATAAAAATAAAAAAAAAAATCTAGAAAATGACACCAGATATACGCTCACCCTCACCCCATGCCTTGCAGACTACACATTGAAAAAAGCCAGGGTGACTTATGTTGCTTTAAATGTCAGTAAGTGGTTCAAAATATGGACAGTAATGCAATCTTCAGTGCACTGTCAGCTGAGGGCTTGAGGACTAAAAAAGAAGGGATGGAGCCAAGAAacttgagtcagaaggtttgcatttaacttctcagttcgacaaaggttggctgttccaacttgagcaaa
>Human| chr2:206075638-206077137 | element 200027 | negative
ATTAAAGATCAAATTTCAGCCCTTGCTCACAGGGGAAAATAGATACTTTGCTTTCATTTAAATGTTACCCTCTCTGAAGTACATGCTAATGAATACATTTGTGTCTTTCATTAAGTGTTCAGAAAAATGTTTAACTAAACATGAGGCAGAGGCAGAATTCAGATTTATTTATGATAAAACTGCTTAATCTGGGTCAAGTCAATTAATCTTTCTAAAAATAATTTATTTTTGGTTTTTCATCAGAACCCCAGAAGCCAATATACTTGACATACAGCAGTGCTGGCTGCTTTAGAGCATATTAGTACAAAGACTGGCATCACCATAAACACCTACTCTGCTTTTATAAGACTGAAAAGTGCTTGAAAATACAATTTCAGCTCCATGTGAATGTATGTATCCATACATACAATAGATGTATGGATGCGAAAGTCATCCATACATCTATTCCCTCCttccttcattcatcatttattgggtgcactgtctatgccaggtaatgttccaaatatttgagacatatcagtgacaacagacagtatcttatttctgtagcttacctttctttagtggAAATACTCTCATGAACAAAGTTTGAGCGATGAGGTAAATAAACGATAATAACGCAATAAGTGAATAAAGTTGCTGGAAAGATATCCAGTAGGACAAACATAACACTACAAATTGTGGAAAGAGGAAACATGACTGGAAAGGCTAGTGTTTCAATACCCACTTGGTTTCTAGTGTTCATAAGAAAAGGTAACTAGCAACACTATCCAATGAAGGTATAAAAATTAAAGTGAAAATTAAAATAGAGATCAAATTGGAAACTGACTAATCAAGACTGATGGTTTTAAGTGGGCTGGGAATAAGCTAATCTGTCCTCTGCTGATCCAGGAACTAACTGGCATAATCCCCAGTCCCCAAACGCTTCAGAATTGTCTTGAAAGAATTGTGAGAGCCTGAAAAGGTTTCAGCTTGGAATTCCTTAAAAGTAAAACAAGGGGGTACCAATGAATTGGAGAACATTTAGCATGTTTTCAAAATTTGGAATAAATTATCATAGCACCCAAATTGAAGGAAAAATGAGTTCCATTAGAATTTTTTTATTTTCAGCTTTAATAAATAAGTAGATGTCAGGTAAATGATCTCAGTGCTTTCTCTGTACCCAGAAAGGCCAGAGGGAAATCTTAGGTGCCCAGTCCTCTCACTTGAGGCTAATAGTACCACCTTATCAAAGATTGAAGAATATATTTGTTAATATAAACAGTATTCACAAAAATGTCAGTGAAACTAACAGATTGGCGGTTTTAGTAGTGACTTTAATGATAAaagtctcggaaatgctgacaaagttaaacaggcttcttaaatacgggattgctcacaaccattagtgcatgttttgtacgtttccaggcttcaagaatcttcaggatgtaataaatgcagcatttcccaaactcatttgatcacagaaactttgagtacagactatctcat
>Human| chr16:48617888-48619387 | element 200028 | negative
TCTCTGTTGTCTCCTTTTCTTCTGATAATGTGTTTTCGTTTGATGATTCTTAGCCACATGTCCCTGTCCACACTGGCCCAGAGACCAGTGGATACAAATCACTAGGCCAGTTTCAACTGCACCCTCTGTATACATGAATCTGGTCTATGCATGGCTGATAACTGATCTTGGCTAGGAATCTGATTTTATGGTCTGACCATATGGTGATCTGTCCGGTAGACAATAGGGATCTATTTTCTGTCAGATGAGACACCTCAAGAAAATCTGGTTTTAGTCTTTTCTGTGTTGTTGTTAGTGCAAGATCACGTTTCGGGACCAATGAAAGAACTGTCTTTTTGAAATCTGGACCAGTTATGTGTTTCTCAATTATTTTTACCTGTGATTCAGACTGTTGAAGCTGAAAGTTCTTGTGCACTTGTGACTATAAGAAAAGCCTCATTTTTCACGGTATGAATGAGAAATATCCCCAGGGCTATTAATACATTAGATTATAAAGTTTCTCAAACAATCTCTACTCTAGTTGGTTGACAGATAATTACAAGAACTTCCTTAACTCTATCTATATTTCTAGAATTCCTCCAACATAATGAAACTAAACATGTAATACTTTAAACATGTTAGCCTTTTAAGGACAAAAAAAAACAAACCCAGgctgggtgtagtgatacatgcctgtattcccagcgacttgggagggtgaggcaggaggatcatttgagcccaggagttctgagtccagctaataacacactgcgagattaccatctcttaaaaaataacaacaaATAGAAAAACTCCAAAACTCAAAGAAACCAATAGGTCAAAAACACTGTTAAGAATCCAAATTTGTGTAATCAAAATAATTCTCACGCAAATCAGtattattttattattttaatactaatttaaaaataGATGTCCTTTCCCTGATTTTACCAGTGTAGAATATAATAAATCTATACttttttctttgagatagagtctcgctttgtcacttaggctggagtgaagtggcatgatttcggctcactgcaacctctgcctcctgggttaaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgagattacaggcacctgccaccatgcctggctaatttttttgtacttttagtagagatggggtttcaccatgttggtcaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcatatgatccacccactcagcctcccaaagtgctaggattacaggcgtgagtcacgtcactcggccTACACATTTTTTTTTTAAATGTTTTTCTCACAGAGATTAAACTTCCTATACTTTACTGGCTTACTGATTAGGTAAGCTAATATTACTCatatatatttatgattatgaaaaatataaaatttggcccagtgtggtggctcacatctgtaatcccagcaatttgggaggctaaggcaggaggattgcttgagcccaggagctcaagaccagcctgggcaacatggtgagaccctgtctctatttaa
>Human| chr16:9121727-9123226 | element 200029 | negative
ttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcgcgatctcagctcactgcaagctccgcctcccatgcccagctaattttttgggtatttttttgtagagatggggtttcaccaggttggccaagctggtctcgaactcctgacctcaactgatccaccctcctcgacctcccaaagtgctgggattagaggcatgagccactgtgcctggccAGAAATTTTCATTTGTCtttttattaattttttaaaaattgacggggtctttctatgttgcccaggctgatctcaaactcctgagctcaagtgatcctcctgcctctgcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccaccagcccCACCCATTTTAGCAAttttcaagagatattggaaatctgcagttgatgtttgttgagttttaaatggtgactcaattttttaaataaagcattttgccagccaaacaaaaatacatttctgggctaaattctgattttcagacctttagtttgtaattctctttcctttattattatttttatttatttatgtatttatttatttttgagacagagtctcactctgttgcccaggttggagtgcaatggtgcagtctcggctcactgcaacctccgtctcacgggttcaagcgatcctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgtgacaggcacgcccggttaatttttgtatttttctttttctttttttttttttttttgagatccgtctcactcttgtccctcaggctggaatgcgatggcgccatctcggctcactgcaacctccgcctcctgagttcaagagattttcctgtctcggccccctgaggagctgggattataggcgcctgccaccacgcccagctaatttttttgtatttttagttgagacgaggtttcaccatgttggccacgctggtggagaactcctgacctcaggcgatacgcctgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctgagattacaggcatgagccaccacgcccggtcaatttttgtatttttagtagagacgaggtttcaccatcttggccaggctggtcttgaactctggacctcaagtgatctgcctgcctccgcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccaccttgcctggccATAGACTTTTTGAATTTAGGTGTCAGGTTCTATGTTGGGTGTTGGGTTGAAGTTCTGGAAAGGGGATAATAGGAAGAGGGTAACATTTGTGCCTAATCAATTGGTCACATCGTTTGTCTACCTAGCTTTAttttttttttcgatttttttttttttttttgagacagagtttcgctcttgttgcccaggctggagtgcaatagcgtgatctcagctcactgcaacctctgcctcctgagttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctcctcagtaattgagatgacaggcatgcgccaccacacctggctaattttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttctccatgtg
>Human| chr16:86925214-86926713 | element 200030 | negative
TTTGGCCCTAGAGCCCAGCTTCCTGGGGAATATCCCAGAACAGTGACTGCAAGGTTCAATGGTGCACCAAAGTCAGGCACCTGCACAAGGAGGCCGTGGGCGGGTTCCCCCATCCTAAAGCTTTAGGAGACCATGGGTGGGTTCCCCGTCCTAAAGCTTCAGGAGGCTGTGGGCGGGTTCCCCATCCTAAAGCTTTAGGAGGTCGTGGGCGGGTTCCCCATCCTAATGCTTTAGGAGGCCGTGGGCGGGTTCCCCATCCTAATGCTTTAGGAGGCTATGGGCGGGTTCCCCCATCCTAAAGCTTTAGGAGGCCATGAGCGGGTTCCCCCATCCTAATGCTTCAGGAGGCCATGGGTGGGTTCCCCATCCTAAAGCTTTAGGCGTGAGGTGCTCGCTGGGAAGGGACCATGCACTCCCCCACCTTCAGGGCGGGCAATTTGAACCACTAGAGTGGAGATGTAGGACGGACAGCAATCCAGTTAGATTTAAAGTCTAAAAAGTTTCAAACATTCCATTTTATGATATTATATAATGTAAGGGAAAATAACTTTTCTCTGTATAACTTGAAAACACAGAGTAACATAGTGTTTTTGGCAGGTGGAGATTTTTAGGTGGGATCACAATGGTTAGTGAGGACATATTCTCCATAGCCCTTTGGGGGAGTGGATGTATAAATCACATATAATATGGGATGTATTTCTGCGTTTCTCAAAGGGGATATCTGTTTAAGAAGGTTAAGAAACATTTATTTGGAGAGTAAGCCAAAGAGTTAGTTAAGAAACCAGCTGCTTTACACGTATGCAATCATTCATGTATTTATTCAAAATGGATGAACATCACACCAGCTGATTGCTCAGCACAGAGCCTGACCACATCTAAACTTCGGAAGTTTCAGCTCTGACTGTGGGTAGGTAGGTTGTAGCAAAGCATGGTTGGGGTGGGGCTTGTCCTAGCCAAGACCCTCCATGACCCGCATGTGCACAACCTTCCTTGTCTTTGGGACTGATACTCTCATTTCAGGAAGCTGTCAGTCTCCGACTTCTTGAGAAAGATCAGCGTGGCTGATAAGCCCTCCCTGGATGAGTGACAGAGCCACTTCTCGGCATTATCATGTTATCACCCATGCCTCCTGTGATTGCACAAATCCTCACAACCTCCCAGCTGCTCATGCTCATGGGTGTCATCTTTCTTCGCAACACCCCTCTCTCTGGCAGTGGGAGCATCTATTTATAGACTTCCATGGATTTTGAGCGAAAGGATCATATTTTCTGGGCTCTGCCACTGGAGAGATGTACTCTCATCAAACTTTTTCTCTGTTACTGTTCTCTGAGGCCCACAGAAGTGAGGGGCATGCCCAGAGCCACCTGGTGAGTTAAGAGGGGGCCCCGCCCAGGCACCAGCCTCCTGTCCCCCTCCAGGGCTCCCTCCCACCATGACATCAGGGCTCACACACTCATAGCCCTGGGTCAGGGGGCTGGGAGGGGGACATTGTGGATAACA
>Human| chr1:189267381-189268880 | element 200031 | negative
ggactgtatttggttggtaagctattaattattgcctcaatttcagagcctgttactgatctattcagagattcaccttcttcctggtttagtcttgggagggtgtctgtgtcgaggaatttatccatttcttctagattttctagtttatttgcatagaggtgtttatagtattctctgatggtagtttgtatttctgtgggatcggtggtgatatcccctttatcattttttattgtgtctatttgattcttctctcttttcttctttatgagtcttgctagcggtctatcagttttgttgatctttttaaaaaaccagctcctggattcattgatttttttgaagggttttttgtgtctctatttccttcagttctgctctgatcttagttatttcttgccttctgctagcttttgaatgtgtttgctcttgcttttctagttctgttaattgtgatgttagggtgtcaattttagatctttcgtgctttctcttgtgggcatttagtgctataaatttccctctacacactgtttgaatgtgccccagagattctggtatgttgtgtctttgttctcgttggtttcaaataacatctttatttctgccttcatttcgttatgtacccagtagccattcaggaggcaggctgttcagtttccatgtagttgggtggttttgagtgagattcttaaccctgagttctagtttgattgcattatggtctgagagacagtttgttataatttctattcttttacatttgctgaggagtgctttacttccaactatgtggtcaattttggaataggtgtggtgtggtgctgaaaagaatgtgtattctgttggtttggggtggagagttctgtagacgtctattaggtctacttggttcagagcttagttcaattcctggatatccttgttaactttctgtctcattgatctgtctaatgttgacagtggggtgttaaagtctcccattattatcgtgtgggagtctaagtctctttgtagctctctaaggacttgctttatgaatctgggtgctcctgtattgggtgcatatatatttaggatagttagctcttcttgttgaattgatccctttaccattatgtaatggccttctttgtctcttttgatctttgttggtttaaagtctgttttatcagagactaggattgcaacccctgccttttttcgttttccatttgcttggtagatcttcctccatccctttattttgagtctatgtgtgtctctgcatgtgagatgggtttcctgaatatagcacactgatgggtcttgactgtttatccaatttgccagtctgtgtcttttaattggagcatttagcccatttacatttatggctaatattgttatgtgtgaatttgatcctgtcattatgatgttagctggttattttgctcgttagttgatgcagtttctccctagcctcgatgggctttacaatttggcatgtttttgcag
>Human| chr2:76259290-76260789 | element 200032 | negative
AATCATGGAAAAACTATATTTATTGAGTGTCTCCTATAAAGAGGGTAATTAACAATCAGATGATAAGCTGCCATCTTAATCGTTCAATAACATTTTACATAACAAGTCAAATCCATTCAAGAAATTGTTAATGTACTCTTCGAAAACCTCGTGGAATTGTCTTAAGTGATTGTATAATATTTGATGGGAACTCATGATCCAGAAAATCTTGCCAATTTAAATCAATTAATAATTCTGATATATTATACTTCTTTTTTTGGCCATCACTTGAAACATGTTTCAGAATGGTAAGGAAGTTTTACTGGAAAGTAGAGAAAGTGAGAAAAAAACCTAGAAGAGTTATGAGCATAACCTAGGATAGTTATTAACATTATCCAGTGCATGTTATAATCAACAATCATGTATCTTTAGACTCATTCTTGTCAAATATAGGAGCAAAGGAACATTATTTGCTTTGTTTCTTACTACTTCTTTAAAAACACATCCTTTTCTCCACAATGAATTTACTTTTTATGTCAAAGTCTGTTAAGGGTTGCTCTAAGTACTTAGCTCCCCACCTCACTGTGAACAATAGTGTTTTAGTATTCAATCGGCATGGCTGTAAAAGTACGTTATTACTAGACACACAGAGCATACATGCTCCTTGAAATAACTGGGCAGATACATTGCTCTTATTTAATACAGAATAGACTGAATGAAGGCAGAGGAGAATGGATTAAGTCCTCATGTGCCAGTGCACCCTcacacacacatacacacacacacatacacacacaactcacacaTGTATAACATACACAGACAAGAACTACAGAAATAATGCTAAGTAAAGGGTGGTAAAGCAAAGAGGAATCTAAACATTTGAATGTAGTATGGACCAAAGACAGGTGACCATGTGAGTTCAGCTCTGCCAATTTTTGAGGGAGAATAAATCTCTTATGAAAATTATCTTACCAGCAGCTTGTGGAGGACTTGCCTGGGTATATGGGCAGCTCATGTTTATTGTACAAAGGACTGTTAACCTCACTATGTATATTATGCATATCTGCTATGGTAAGCAAGGCAGCTTCTGTTTATAAATAATGTAAGTTAATTTAACATATCAAATGTTAAATTAGATAAAGTTTTATTTGAATAATAATATCAGAGTACTGGGGCTTTTTGGTGTCACCCTAATAAATGACCTCAAAGTAGCAAGCACACAGAACTGCCATCCCAGCATGAGGTATGGCATATAAGAATTCCACAGATTTTGTTGAGTTGTTTAGTGTCTCTTTATACAAATTCAGTGTTTTGATTTTTGAAAAAGAGAAAATTCTGGAACCTTATTTCTCTTTCCTCTATACTATCCTTCAATTAATATTGGACTTAAACATTTAAAATTAATTAGTTAAAAGTTTGATGCTTCTTTAAAAAGTATTAATGAAACAGTTTTAAGAAATTGAAGAATACATACTTACATGGTTCAAAATATATACACTATTCAATTTCTTAACATAA
>Human| chr1:156094789-156096288 | element 200033 | negative
ACCTGGGGGCAGGTTTTTAGTGCCTGAGCCTACCCGTCTCCAGGCTTTAGTTTCCCCCTGTAAAAGTATAGGAGTTGGTTCAAGAGAAGGTTCCTCTAGAAGCCTTGAGCCTGTGAACCGTCTAGTCTCCGGGTATTTGTGGGACACACAGAAAAAGCCCCACGACCCAACAGGTAGAACACTGGCTGAAATCAGCAGGGCAGAGCTGAGACAGGCTCAAGTAGGCTGAGGGGTAGGGAGGTTTTGGGTGAATGGGAGGGAGGGACAGAGAGAAGGAGGATATATTGCAGTAGGAGGAGTTGCTGGAACAAAAGGAGGGGTGGTAGGAGTGGCTTGGGGTGGCAGCAGAAGACGCCCTGTCACATGGCGGGAAGTCAGCCTGGGCAGAGGTCTAGGTGTCCAGGAGGggctgggtgtggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccaggactttgggaggctgatgcaggaggatcacgtgaggtcaggagttcaagaccagcctggccaacatggcgaaaccctatctctactaaaaatgccaaaaattagctgggtgtggtggcaggcgcctgtaatcccagctactctggaggctgaggcacaagaattgcttgaacctgggaggtggaggttgcagggagccgagatcgcgccactctactctagcctgggcaacacagtgagactctgtctcaaaaataataataaTAGGggctgggcgcggtggctcatgactgtaatcccagcattttgggaggtggaggcgggtggatcacctgaggtcaggagtccgagaccagcctggccaacatggcaaaactccgtctctactaaaaatagaaaaattagctaggcatggtggtgcaggcctgtaatccagctactcgggaggctgagaagcaggagaatcacttgaacctgggaggtgaaggttgcagtgagatcacctgggcgacagaatgagactccacctcaaaataataataatagtaataataataaatgaaaaattttaaaattaaacaattaaaaaTTTTAAATTAAAATTAAACAAATTAGATGCCCAGGAGGATACAGGAGAGCATTTGCCACCAGGCGGACTCCCTGTACCCACCCGGCCACAGGGGGCGATGTTCCTGGGAGACAGGAAATGCCCAGGGGCTGGGAGACCCTCTGCTCTTCTGCTCCCTTCCTGTGTGCTGCCTGGCAATGGGGAACTCTGAGGGCTGGTGAGCAGGGCTGCTGAGGAGTGGGTCTAAGGAGTCCCTGCAGGGCTGGGCCAGCTCCTCCACCTCCCCTTTGTCTTCCCCTCCCACTTGTTATTTTTAGCTACAGTGTCTGTCCCTCTTGCTTCTCCCCCAGATTGGGAGAGGAAACGGAGGCCTCTCCCTCCGGGCCTAGCCTGTTGCCCCCAGCAACCGGGCCCAAACAGGCCTGTGGCCGGCCCTGGCTTCCATATCTGGCATCAGAGTTGGGCTGAGCAGGGTGACTCAGAGGGTGGGTC
>Human| chr15:66246762-66248261 | element 200034 | negative
GGCTTGATGCATACAGGAGTGAGTCATGCTGGTTGAGAACAATGAACTGTTCTGTAATCACCTCCTGCAGCCCCTGCCCAACATCCAACAGAGCCCCAGAGGAGCCTTTCCAGGAATAACGAGGCTGGGTGGGAGGAGATGGATGGGAATTCGCTGGGTCTCACCAGGGCAGCTTGACTCACAATCTGTATTAGCCCTGAGCCCCAGGCAGGGGGCATTCCACAGTGAGATGACTCTGGCATGCACCTGTGCCCCAAAGTTCAAGGACAGGAAGTCATTTGCATCTCAGGTGCAAGGAAGAGAGGCAGTGGCCTGGCCTCCAGACTGTTGGAGCACTGGGGACAGTGAGCAAACAGATGCTAGTCTCCCAGGCCTTTCTGGGGCCCCAGTTTTCCCTTGTTCTGAGGAGAAATGAGTAGGCAGGCAACTGGGGATAAAGAAGGGGGAACAGGGAGGAAAGACCCCCAGCAGACACACAGACAATGTATATGACCAGACCGTAAAACCCTCAATGAGCTTCCCACTCCTATGTATACACATACCTTCTTGCTCCTACTTTTCCCCTTTTCCCCCAGAACAGTGTTTCCTGACTTGATCCATGGAGTCCATACAGTGGACCATCTTAGAAGTTAATAGGTTCTTCTCTCTCCCTGTATACACCCCATCCACAGATGCCCAAAGTCCTACAGCTATGCTAGAAGCCAAGCTGGGACAGGGGTCACCCATGAGCAGTGTGGTGCAGTCACCTGACCACTTGGCTACGTGAGATTTTTTAATCCCAAACAATTATTCTCTCCTACCCAAATTCAAAACCCAGGGCACCTCCATTTTACTGTGGAAATTACAACAAAAAATGTACACTAACAAAGGTAAATTAAGAGAAAACCAGACTTCCTTCTCTTTCAAAGATGCCAAAGAGTTCATTTTTACCCAGTTTTATCTGCACTGGGGAGGAAGAAGGGGGATTGTAACTGTTTTTTTTTTTTTAATCTTAGTAtaatcttagtaatgtgtttttacttaaacaaatatatttaggccagaagtggtggctcatgcctgtaatctcagcactttgggaggccaaggtaggtggatcacttgaggccaggagttcaagatcagcatggccaacatggcaaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctaggcgtggtggcacatgcctgtaatcccagctacttaggaggctgaggcacgagaattgcttgaacccaggaggcggaggttgcaatgagccgagattgtgccactgtactccagtctgggcaacaaagtgagactcttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatacacacacacacacacacacaatactttaaatatataacatgtaatcaatataacaaaatgattgaggtattttatattcaccttttcatactaagtcttggaaatccaatgtgtattttccacttcacat
>Human| chr9:12022985-12024484 | element 200035 | negative
ttagcttacagtgctataaaattacatcacaggtagccatcaccaaaattaggatgcagtattggtctgtcaccacagagaaacttgctcaagttatcttcgtgaagctcacattctcccctcctacctaactcttgacaaatactgatattttctccaacactataaattttgtcattttaagaatgttatataaatacagtatgtaaccttttgtggataattttttttctttacttaacataatgctgttaaaatccatccaacttcttgcatgtatctatagatttttaacttttattgttgaataatctattctgtttgtgccatcatttaatcatttgatattttttctagtttttgcctatttaaataactcttatggaacagacttaaaacacagaattttttctgtcattttaacatattagttttctaagagaaatctcaagcaaattatttctaggttacatgttaagtgtattctttgtaagaaaatacaaactcattttcagtatggctgaacaatattacatttataccagaaatatatgagaaattaatttgcattatatcctcatcagaaaccagtatagtcattatttttatttttaccaattcaatagatatttaggaatatttacttgtgcctctaatttgcatttctctaatggctaatagtattaaatatctttatatgtgattatttgatagctgtatactcctctctgataaaatgtggatttaaatttttctcatttttatttgctcatttattttatttacttgttgagttttgagggttctttatacaatctggacacaagtctttaatcacatatgtgatctacaaatattttatctgagtctgcactaatattttctttcttgtaatagtatctttctcagaaaaaaactttaaattttataaaataaaatttatttattttattatctctttgaataatactttaattttttatctaagaaatatctgcctaatccaaggtcacagaaattttctactgttttttttctagaacatttatacttttgtctttaaatttatgcttgcagtctattttgatttccactttttaaatttggctcaaggtatggatttcagtatatattatttttttctgtatggatataccatttttttctagcccttttttgaaagaagaaattctccagtgacttttctttataccgtgtcaaaaattaattaacatgagtggatggaggtctacttctgaacttgacatttctttctattgatataggtgcctcttgataccaaagccaaattaacttgattatggtagcattataataatgacatgaatcaactagtgtaaattccccaaccttgttcttttacaaagttaattttggaaatcaaggtgtttacacacccttgttcttatgatagaaagttaatttcggaattcaaggtgcttacacacacgcacacgcaaatagatacatatgaattta
>Human| chr3:178782846-178784345 | element 200036 | negative
AATAACATCAGTCTCATTCGAATCTTTGCTTCTGAAGTCTTAGCAATATACTTTATTATACCCAAACTTTTCATTTTCTGTAAGCTCCTACTTTCTGATTACTTGCTTGCCTCTTTTCTTTCCCATCTTTACCCTGGTTTTTAGCTGCTTAAATTGTCCCATTACATCCTGTTCTCCTTCAACCTTTCCACTTAAAAATTCTGATTTTTGAGAAATTTACCTAAATTGTATTTCCCTTTTCTTATATTTTCTAATTTATTTATTCACTGTATCACTGAGGAAACTGAAATTAAGTATAATTACTAATCTTGTCAACTACATAGTTTAGAACATACGCAAAAATGTAAAATAAAAGAAAAAAACAAATGTTGATTCTGCTTATCTAGTTTTAGCCTTATAATCCAAAGACCTTGCATCAAACTGAATCTTCTCTATGTATCATCAGTAGCACCTTTCAAAGTCCATGAAGTCAAAAAGTTTTATTAGGAGAAAAAAAGAAATAAGGTATATGTATAATCCATGGACATGTTAAAATTACACACTGCCCGAGAGTTTTCCCTCATAAAAGTAAACAACTCTTCCTTAAAAGGGAATTATAggctgggtgcggtaggtcactcacgcctgtaatcccagcgctttgggaggctgaatctagccaacatggcaaacctccatctctaccaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggtgtgctggtgtgtgcctgtaatcccagctactcgagagggtgaggcatgagaatcgcttgaaccccggagacaggggctgcagtgagccaagatcgcgccactgcactccagcctgggcaacagagcgagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaataaataaataaaGATAATTATATATGTGTATAGCATACAAGTGGGTTTGCCCCCAAGTTAATGATTTGTTAGGGGCTTTATATGGCTAATAATTAAACCTTTAGAACCCTGGCTTCTTTTTTCAAAGTGAGTCTTAGGCTATAAAACTGAACATTCCGTAGGAATAAATGAAGAAAGCTAATACAGTCTTGGAGTTGAGATTAATCATGCTAACAGACTCTGCTTGAATGGTAAAGACAGGCAAAGGAAGACCCTGTATCAAACAACTGTACTGGACAGCAAGGTGATGAGAGTACGTACTGgggaaagggggaaaacgtaaaaataaaaccagaagaggcctttaggaaccaatgatgacacatgtcaagagctgcgagatataattaactcaactctctgcacctgagggcaaaacaaaaCCACATAATGGGAACTTAAAGGAGGCAACATATTATGTCTTCCCCTAAATACCAGAGAAAACAATTGACCATCAAAATACTTCCGACATACAATCAAAAAGCAACACAATAATCAGTCTTTGGGATCAAAACAAAACAGAAAAGACTTAACACCCACAGTAAACAAAGTGGAGAAAGTTATAGTGCACAACAGAAGAAACACCTGTGTAACAGTCTTCTACC
>Human| chr13:35891492-35892991 | element 200037 | negative
ggggaatcctttccccattgcttgatttttgacaggtttgtcaaagatcagatagttgtagatgtgtggcattatttctgaggcctctgttctattccgttggtccatatatctgttttggtaccagtaccatgctgttttggttactgtagccttgtagtatagtttgaagtcaggtagcatgatgcctccagcattgttctttttgcttaggattgtcttggctatacgggctcttttttggttccatattaaattgaaagtagttttttctaattatgtgaagaaagttagtggtagcttgatggggatagcactgaatctataaattactttgggcaatatggccattttcacaatattgattcttcctatccatgagcatggagtgtctttccatttgtttctgttctctcttatttccttgagcagtggtttatagttctccttgaagaggtccttcacatcccttgtgagttgtattcctaggtattatcttagtagcagtggtgaatgggagttcactcatgatttggctctctgtttgtctattactggtgtataggaatgcttgagatttttgcacattgattttgtatcctgagactttgctgaagttgcttatcagcttaaggagatttggggctgagacgatggagttttctaaatatataatcatgtcatctgcaaatagaaacgatttgactttctctcttcctatttgaatacgctttatttctttctcttgcctgattgccctggccagaacttctgatactatgttgaagaggagtggtgagagagggcatccttgtcttgtgctggttttcaaaggaaatgcttccagtttttgcccattcggtatgatattggctgtgggtttgtcataaatagctcttattattttgagatacattccatcaatacctagtttgttgagagttttttgcttgaaggggtgttgaattttatcaaaggtctttttgacatctattgagataatcatgtggtttttgtcattgtttctgtttatgtaatggattacatttattgatttgcatgtgttgaaccggcgttgcatcccagagatgaagccaacttgatcgtggtggataagctttttgatgtgctgttggattccgtttgccagtatgttattgaggatttttgcattggtgttcatcagggatattggcctgaaattttcttattttgttgtgtctctgccaggttttggtatcaggatgatgttggcctcataaaatgagttagggaggagtccctctttttctactgtttggaatagtttcagaaggaatggtaccagctcctctttgtacctctggtagaattcggctatgaatccgtctggtcctgggctttttttgttgttgttggtaggctattacggcttcaatttcagaacttgttattggtctattcagggattcgacttcttcctggtttagtcttgggagggtgtatgtgtccaggaattta
>Human| chr5:144628299-144629798 | element 200038 | negative
cagtgaaccgagatctcaccactgtactccagcctagcaacagagcgagattctatctcaaaaaagaaaaaaaTCACGTAAGTTTTTCTGCACTCTGGCATTGTCTCCTCATCTTAATCCCTAGGGAGCCAAACTCACTGAAGCAATAATCAGGTGCCAACAACTAAATTTCAGAAGGAAATGTCTCAGGGACTACAGTAAAAATTTTCAGTGCCAGCCTATTATTTGAGGCTATCACGTGTTTCACTTATATAACCTCAATAAATATTATGCTGATGTTCGTTCAGATTTAGAAGCTTTTTTCATCCTATTGCTACCAGCATATTTTCTGCACATTAATAAGCATCACATTTTATATGAAATATGACCCTCATTTTTAAACAAATTACAAAGCCACAAATTAGCTATTTGCTGAAGAATAGAGAAACTTAGAATTCTCATGTCTTTGCTTTTGCAACAAGCCCAAAAGAGATGAAGCTGATTATTTAACATGCCCCTTCCCGGCACACAAGCTCTTGTTAGTCAATAACTATTTTGCTGTCATTTTTTCTATGCTTCTGCAAATTTTAAACCTTTTCATTCATCCATTATTATTAGTTGATAAGATTAATTTGGTAGTATTTGGGCAGTCTGATCCTTATACTCAATTTTGAATATTTTGAATATATAATACTGTCCTATAATTACCTTCTAAAATCCTCAGAGGATTGGACAATGGACTGTTACATTCCCATAGTCTATTTTCCCCTTTTACCAATGAAAGCCAAAATACTTGTTTTTTTCTTTCTAGAGTTTTGTCCATTCCAAATAGAATTATATTTTTTCTTCTCTACATAAATCTAGGAATATTGCAACGGTTGCCAGGAGAAATAAATTACAGTGTTAGGCTGCAAATCTGTAGGTTTAAAGGTTCACCTTCCTTCAACATTATTTTAAAGGGAAAATACTATATTTCAGCCAGCAGAGAAGACAGGTTCTTGGTTTTATTCTCTAGTATTAAGCTCAGTTCTCTGTTTTGTAATGCCTAAAGGGATATTATGATTCTTTACAGAAAAAAGACATAATTTTAAATCCTTGTGCTTTGGCTGAATGAAGAGTGAGGTGATAGAACCTGGTGGAGGGAGGGGCAATAGGGGAGTGGGAGGGTTCCATTCTTTGTCAGTATAGTTTCCATGCctctccctctctctctctctctctgtctctctctctctctctctctctctctcCTTTTGATGCATAGCCAATTGCAATCTGCACACAATTTAGATGAAGACATTTAACTGAATATCCAAAACCTAAATTTTCTTTTCTTTATAGATCTAGAATTTTTCAACGATGTTGCTTTTGTAACATACAGTTTGGGAAGGCAATATTATTGGATAAGGTTTTGTGTTCTTTCAGGGGAGAAACCATTACTCTTTAGAATTACAATGATCAATGTTGAAAGATATTCTCAAATACACACAGACAACCTTCGTCAGCATGAATTATGTGGGG
>Human| chr3:174852358-174853857 | element 200039 | negative
TCTCAATATATAGCATGAAAAGACAGGCTGAGTAAAAAATACAGCAGAGTATAGATGCTGTCTCCATTTTTAATAGTTAATAAAGCTCTTTTGAAGACTAAGGGTGAGGGTGGAACAATAAGTAAGGGAGATAAAGTATGATGATACTGAGCAGGGAATAACTTAAAATTCAAGACTATCATCACTTTTCTTAAACATTCTCCCACCACTGCCACTCTAAGTGAGACCATGAATACCTGTCTACCTTCTTTGTCTTGGCTCCAAGATAACTGATTTTTTAAAATGCCTTTAAATTTTATCAGAATAATAAAGCATAAATCAATTTAACTAAAGCAACAATTATACAAACATATTATAGTTCAAATTATAAGATATCAAATATATCCACATAGAGTGAAAACATAACATCCTACATTAATTGATGAGTAAGTTTTGCCCTTTTTTACTTTTATTATCGGAGATATAGAGTAATAGTTTCCTTATGTTGTCTATAGCTCTTTATTAACAAATAGATGGCTCCTGTCTGCTACTACTGCAAATAATGTTTTGTTCAAAAATAATATCTCTCAACAGTTTAAACGTTTATGCTTAAAATCGCTGTAAGTGTTCTAGAGTACAGATTTCTCCACTGGGAGGAATGAGTTAATTCTCGGTTAATGTGAAGAATTCTAATAGAGCATCATAATTACCTGTGAGGGGTTTATTTCAAAATCATTTAATATACGTGCCAAGAAAAGTGATAATTCATTGTGTTGGGAAGATGAATGAGGGCATATATTTCTTCATACGGTAATAAAAATATCCTTGTATTTCCTTTGTTAATATCCCTAGGCTTCTTTCAAAAAATGATATGCACACAAAAACATAAACACAGATTTGTAGAGTAAGCGTGTGTAAATAACCAACACTATAAAGCTTATAGTAGGATTTTTTGCTGGCTTATGAAGATTTTTAATAAACACCACCAAGTTAGTCAAATAAAGTGATTAAAAATTACCGAGGAAAAAAAATCAGTCAAAAGAAAGATGTTGATTTCAAAACCTAAAGTCAAATTGTAACAAGAGGCCCATAGAAATAAAGTGCAGATCATGAAGATAATACTACCTTTCAGAACAGAGCAGGTGATCCTGAAAGATCCTGTGAATAGTAACTGGAGGATAGATAAAACTAATGTCAGAGATAGCCAGGTGTCTTGATAAGAAATCCGAGATCAATAAAATAAGTATGTATTTAAGTAGAAAGCACCAGAAAAATTGGAAGTTGTTCTGAGAGCAGAATTTTAGGAACCAGACAGAATATCAGTTCTAGAGAAAAATGTTAAGAATAAGCCTGGAGAAGCTCATTATGGCATCATATTAAATATCAGAAGCAGAACCTTGACACAGAAGACTAATGTAAATTATATGCAGACCCAAAGTTCAAGTGTTACGGGGAGAAGGAATGGGAATATGGGCAAAAGCTTTATGTGACTGAAAAAGCAACTCTTTTAGTTTGGTAACC
>Human| chr1:48689756-48691255 | element 200040 | negative
TCCTTCCCTACCCACTGCCCTGCCCTCACCCTGTATCTCCAGAGAATATTCCAACAGGCTGCTAACTGACCACCTACTGGTGTAAGACAGGGAGGTCCTGGATGGGGCTCAGTGGCGTGATCTGATTTCAACCCAGGGCAAGGGAAACTCCAAAACAGTACCCATAACTCTACTCAGGGCTCAAAGTCTCACAGTCAAACTGCAGCCCTCTCTGTCCTCCCGCCTCCAGTGTGGGAGCTCAGCTGGGAGCAGGGAGGGGATCAGCTCAGAGAAAGGGTGAGCACTACACATCTAAGGAGGTGATAACAAATCATACTCTGAAAGCGCACTTTGGGGAGGGAAGGATAAGGGGACAAGAGTGCACAATCAATGGCTTCACACACGTGACATCCGTTACCTCCTTTGCTCTTCGCACTGGCCCTGGGAGATGAATGGCgaggctcacagagaaagtgactctgccaagatacatcgcttagaaactgtggaaccagcctcaggcagctctcttctgcctcagttttcaccctctgtgtccccacagtgcctGCACCGAGGGGAAGGAAATCTGCGGGGAGGGGGCAGGGCAGAGGTTCAGAGAGTCTTGAGAAATCCTCATCTCATCTATTTCCTTTCCAGTCGTCCATCCGTGCAAGTCGAGGGACCATTGGCGGCTATTTCCTGGCCGGGAGGTCCATGAGCTGGTGGCCAGTGAGTTGACCCTTCTCAACCACCCCTAGTGCAGAGGCTCCCAACTTTCTTCCTCCCCACTATCCAAGCACTTGTCCCATCTTCTCACACCTGGACCAAGGCAAAGACCTCCCCGTTGTGTTTCCTGACTCTGGGCCCCTTCTCTCCCGCCCAAACCCGCCCCGCAACCTGAGTGGTCCTGCTAGCACGCACCTTGGacaaacatcccctggcccctcctaggtgtggccctacatctggcacttgacttgcagtgatgaatctggaatgtccctgtcctagagaagctcagagctgagtggggcagatagattcataaacatcatgcgcactgctgagccagagggaagcagggggcactcaccagagcttggaagcccctgaccaccagacagtggagtcagctagggttaggaaagattttggggggaaggtgacacataagcttaatattgaagaaCAGTTAAGTTAAGGGAATCACAGAGGTAAAATCCCCAGCAATCTCAGGGAATCGATCCCCAAAACTTTGTGAGCCACAGTTTCTCCCATCAAGCCACACCACATTTCTAAGTTAGGGGAATCACAGAGGTAAAATCCCCAAAAACCTCAGGGAATCGATCCCCAAACCTTCGTGAGCCACAATTTCTCCCATCAAGCCACCTCACATTTCTATTGGTCCTCAAAATTAACTTCCTCCTCCTGGAATGGGATGGAGGGAGGAAAGCCCTGCCTCAAAAATTACCAGTAGAGTCATCAGCCCCAGTGGTAGCTGAAGCAGTATACACACCC
>Human| chr8:97006030-97007529 | element 200041 | negative
TAAAAATAAGCAAATGTTAGTAGAAAAAGATAGTGAGTTGATATTAACGGAATAAGAGCAAATCGAAGAAAAAAGGAGATTGATATTGCTGAAACATTTAAGTAATGGGAGTAATAATTTAAATAAAAGTCGGACAAAATAAATAAAAAATAATGAAGGCATAAGTGCCTCATATTAAGAAAATAATGAACAGAAGAAAGGGGGAGCCACAAAGCACAAAAATGTCTTATCCTCCATAGACAAGATATCACAGTAATTGTGTTTAAATGTATAGACGTAAAGTAATATTAGACTAGAAAATATGTGCCAAAAGTGATTGTGGCTAATTGttttttggttttttttgagatggagtcttgctctgtcgccaggctggagtgcagtggcgtgatctcacctcactgaaacctccgcctcccgggttcaagtgattcccctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggactacaggcgagcgccaccacgcccagctaattttttgtattttagtagagatggggtttcgctgtgttggccaggatggtctcgaTCAATTGTGGCTAATTTTATAGTAATACATTAATGACTACTCCAATTAAGGATGCTTATGGACTCTTTAAAATTAGTCATAAGTAATGGTAAGTGTAGGACATTAAACTTTCAAATTATTCTAATGTGAAAAAGAAAACAGTACAGTCCATTAACATTCATAATATAAATGAAAAAACATAGAAGTTCAACTTTAAAAAACATAAAATAGGAAGATAGAGAATTAACAAAGAACATAAAATTATGTAGAAAACTCATCAAGATATCCTATTTAATTATTTAAATCCTTGCATGAACTTAGAGATGCACATAAAGCACAAAGAGAGTCAATAGTCTAAAATGTAATGTGGGCAAATATTATTAATGAGCTTTTGCATGTAAGAGAAGGAGATCATTATGTTGTGATGGCAGATATAAGTTATTTATAAAAACATAACACTTTTTGGAAAAAAATGATTTGAATGCACCTTAAAATCAATAATAAAAAAATACAGACAGCAAAAAAATGTTAAAAACGGAAGAATAAACAAAAAGTCATATTGTATTTGGatatttttatttttataaataCACAAAAATCTCTAACTTTTAATTAATATTTAAACTGAAATATAATCAGCATTCAAAAGAACATCATAACCAACTACTTATTATTTCAGAAATAGAATTATGATTTAATATTTTAAGATCTAATAAAAATACCCACATCAAAAATCTGTACAATCAAATTTATTTGTTCAGCAGATGCTGTAATTAATTGATTTTATTCTCAATGGTGTACTAATtaaactcaaaagcaaaacaaagaagcctacgctatcctttttattttaaaatgtattagagatttttttttttttttttttgagacggagtttcacccttgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcgtgacctcggctcaccgcaacctctgcctcccaggttcaagcg
>Human| chr1:9362523-9364022 | element 200042 | negative
tccatgtgggcaggcaccatccagtcagccgggggcctggaagaagggtgaatcctggctctctgtcccggagctgggatgctcttctcctgcgcttggatgtcagaactccaggttctctggcctttggactctgggactcgtacgagtggtctccggagtctttgacctgggactgggAATGaccacgttccccaccatcctgaagcagctgacttgaaagaagggcagtagagtcttttgaagttgcaattacaatgccagctaggtgacaatactttgtagggctgggtcaggggtcttcaaaaggctctatgtactctgtatcagcatccaatatatggtgctggtttctcccgtagccaggattcacgggtccaggaatcaaggggaggaaatgggagtggcactgcgcatcatatcccctagggacccgctagcgaaattgttgcttcctgttcctgtgactttatgctctgctggcctggaggtcttggttccagagagaggaatgctcctaccaggagacacaacagtgattccattgaacggggggtaaggctgccacctggcttctttgggctccctgtgcctctgggtcagcaggctgagaggggagtgatggtgttggctgtggagattgatctggactaccaaggggaaattgatctggactgctccacaatgaggcaaggaagagtgtgtctggagtacaggatactccttagggcatctgttagtattaccatgccctgtgattaagtcaatgggaaattacaaggatacaatccaggcaggactgtgaatgactcagacccttcaggaatgaatgtttgggtcactctgccacttaaagaaccacagccagctgaggtgcttgttgcagacgaaaggaacacagaacaggacagagggaggtagttataataaataccagctccaaccacgtgaccagttacagaaacaagggccagaattgctgggagtatttcctccctattttgttcagaatacggttgtatgcatttacatgtatattaggcaaatatctgttttctttcctctcttactccttattcttagaacatgtgttgagtctatagcagtatttaagtattaattttacatcatagtatttaagttattgagtatcagaggagagaggagtgaatagcactcaaggactgtacctcctctctggagaagggattaatgtgtctttgctatgcaggatagtagtgtcacgataggtggaactatgaccttgatactgtccttggagattaagtatggtttaaggagatgccagtgggtgcctctgggtgccagttgataaggggcgaacCtgtgatgattgatttcagatgtcaacttgactagactaaggaatacctggatagatggtaaagcattgatgattctcaatgcttcagcacacactgagcccatcccttttctgctgacagggaagcccagtggtttggcatttgtgtagaatga
>Human| chr1:178492517-178494016 | element 200043 | negative
catagtggctgtactaatttacattcccaccaacagtgtacaaagattcccttttctccGGGTCAAGTTCTTAATGGCTGCAAATTAATGAGCAATGTATTTGGTGCTTCAGATAAATATTTAAAAAACAAAACTCAAAACACATGTAGGCCTTGTTTGCAAGGAGCTTATAGCTTTAAAGGTGAGATGGCAAACATGCAGAATAACAATATGGACCGTGTAGAAATAAGTACAATAATCATAAGCATGTGATGAAAGCAGAAATGGATCAGAAATAGGGAAAAGAAGAAGGGTGGGCAGAACTCtgtattagttccctattgctgctgtcacagatcaccacaaatttaatgacttaagacaacaagaaatgggcctaagatggatcttgttgggctcaaatcaaggtgccagcacaactgcattccttctggaagctctaggggaaaatctgcttcctggcctttccccacttctggaggccacctgccttccttggctgatggtccctccccatcttcaaggccagcaatggccatgggatctttcttgtgcctcatcactctgacattgactcttctgcctcttgctaccacatttaaggacccttgtgattacattgagcccacctgggtaatccagaataatctttttattttaaggttagccagttagcaactctaattccccttttccaggtaacataacatattcacaggctcagggagttagaacatggacatctttgcaggacattattctacccaccacaGGGGACTTCCCAGACCCTGTCCCTTGACTACCAAGCCTCCAAACACTTGGGAACACTGCACTATTCAGTTCTGTGCtgtggtggttttaaactaggcccacaaattctttgatactccttttatactctttccttcaagaggaacccagttcctctcctcttaagtgtgggctacacagagtgacttgcttctaatgaatggaacatagcagaagtgatgtgtattacttctgaggttaagtcgtagaagacatggtggcttccatcttgctctctcttggacactcattctgagtgaagccggctgccatgttgtaaggacacccaagcaatcctgtggagagggccacatggcaagaaactgaggcctcctgccaatagccatttgagtgagccatttgaccaggaagtgaatcctccagccccagtagagccttcagatgatggcaaccctggctgacctcttgcctgcaactgcctgagaagatcctgagccagaaccactcggttaagcttctcctagacacctggcctgcagcaaccatgaaataataaatgcttgttgtttttaagttgctaagtcttgaggtaatttgttgttacttagcaacagataaGAATGTGTCTATCTCCTCTTCATTGTTTTAAAGACTTGAAACATTGAGATTTATATGGTTatgcacacaaatgtacaacttgatgaacttttacatacagatacatgactg
>Human| chr3:164915912-164917411 | element 200044 | negative
TACGTGTATACGTGTGTGTATATATCATACTTACAATGTTTTCATTTGTTCTTTAAAATACTCAGCATTCTTCAAGATTATTAAGATTAGTAAAATATCTACAGGGACCCAGAAAGTAATAAAAAGCACCATGTATTAAAATGGATTCTTTTTAAATATAGCATTTCAGACTCACTGGCATGAATTCCAAACCTCTTTCCAGTATTTTCTAGGATAATAAATTCTTCCATGTGAATTTTACATACAGGAAGACATAGATATACAAAGAAAATTTGTCATAGGTGTTTCACTCACTGGGTCGCCAAATTGGGCTTCAAAGTGGTATATCTAGGCAGGGTTGCCAAAGGAGTACATCCCCATAATGAATCAGTCAGATTTAGGAAAAACCAAACTGCATCAGTAGTTTGATGTGTCACAGAGATATTTTTGGCCTTTTCAGGTGGTTGCCCAATTTGAGGAGACTCACTCCTGGATACACCATATTTTATGTGGGCAAGTGTGAAATCACACACATGCCCTTTGAGCCTCAGGGCTGGAGGATATTAAAGTAACCCTGAAAGACATTGGGCAACATCACTCCTAAAGTTACTGAATCTCTTTAACTTTTTGGAACTATTTTCAAGGTCATTTTGATGAGAGAGTTCTGAATATATTAATTTGTTTACTCTGAGCAGATGTTAGTGTGGCCTGATGGTACTGGGGAGCTGCAGAAGATTGAATAGCTAGAATAGGTTGTTAGTGTTAAACATGAGTACTACCCATACAAATATTACAGGCCAGATAAAAATATTGTAGAGTAAGTGATTATGATGGATATTTGATTTTATGTTGTGACTTTTTAGTGCTTTGCATACAGACATTTACATGTCCCTAGTTTTATTTTAACCAAACATCATTTACATTGTGAAAAAGGAGAACTCTCATTTAAAAAAAGATGTTCTTTATTGATGATGCACAATGGATAAAAGGAAAACATAAAAGTAATATATAGGATGTAATTTTTAGTTCAACAAATATTAATTATGTCTACATTGCTGATTGGTTTTTAAATTATAAACATTACAATATTTCAAATAGTTTTAATGATTCTGTCATTTTTCAGAGAGGAACAATGATATTGAAATAACTAAGATAGACTTTATTTTTTGGTCTAGCATATATTTTGCTCATTCTGATGGTTTAAATAAAATAAATACATCTTTTAAAAGATTTACTACTAATTAAACTAGGGTTAGAGAACTGTTTGTTGTATAATGAAGTAGCCACTCAAGAAAGTTCCAAACTTGAAATGTAGCTGTGGTAATCTGTGATTATGTACAGCATGTAGCCATTTACGTATTGTGTTTGTCTGTTTTTAAGCATTGTAAAAACATTTGTGAAGCATTGTAAAAAATTTGTGAAAAAAAACATTTTTTTTTCTCTTTGTTCATTTCAAATGCTGTTTAGGTCAACAAATTGCATGTCTGATAACCATCAAAACCTAAGTGCATTGTCATTTGC
>Human| chr3:23396222-23397721 | element 200045 | negative
ggtgctggagaggatgtggagaaacaggaacacttttacactgttggtgggaatgtaaactagttcaaccattgtggaagacagtgtggcaattcctcagggatctagaactagacataccatttgacccagccatcccattactgggtatatacccaaagaactataaatcatgctgctataaagacacatgcacacgtatgtttattgcggcactattcacaatagcaaagacttggaaccaacccaaatgtccaacaacgatagactggattaagaaaatgtggcacatatacaccatggaatactatgcagccataaaaaatgatgagttcatgtcctttgtagggacatggatgaaattggaaatcatcattctcagtaaactatcacaaggacagaaaaacaaacacctcatgttctcactcataggtgggaattgaacagtgagaacacatggacacaggaaggggaacctcacactctggggactggtggggggttgggggaggggggagggatagcattaggagatatacctaatgctacatgacgagttaatgggtgcagcacaccagcatggcaaatgtatacatacgtaacctgtacattgtgcacatgtaccctaaaacttaaagtataataataatgaaaGACAAAAAAGAAGTCATGCTTCCTCTTATATCCAAATGCCAACTTGGTAAGAAGGGAGGAGATAACTGTAGGGAGGGGTAGAAATTTTTATGGATTAAACAGCCAAAGCAAAGTGTTTTAAATCAGAAGATACTGAGATGCCTTTTTAAATGACACGGTTGATTTTTTTCCTGTGATGATTTGAAATAGCGACTTGTAACTAGAAACAAGTTTAGAAAATACAGTTACTTTTTTTTGTTTGTTTGTTTCATGCCCTGGATTGTGGCTGACCAGTTTATACCTACTGTGCTGGAAAAGTTTAAATTATAAATTACTGTCACAGTCTCCGTAGATACTAAAATCTCTGATCTATAAAACCTGTATTGCATGAGCAATACTGTCATTCCTCCTTTTTCTATAACAGTTATTAAAGGAGAAGAACTATGCTACGATTCATGTGTATTTACTGAGCATATAAAGCAGTCTATGCAGTTCGTACATACCTCTCTCTAAATGCATTGAGGAAAATTATATCTCTTACGTAAATCATCTAAGACTTTCTGAATTTTGTTAGATCCTGCCATTTCTTGTTTTACACAGGAGGCTGCCAGCTATCAACTGATTGAATTGATTACTTCATTAAAGCTAGAAATACAGATCTGATGAGTTTTGCAATTAATTGTATAGAAAGCTGGGCTTGGAAAAAGAAGAGGATGCACTGAGTAGCAGAGTAGACCTGATGCTCAGTTAAACCTAAACTGCTACTGGTACAGCAAGTCAGACAAGCAGTCTGGACCTTACTCAGGGTCAGGAGAAAGCGGCAAATCAGAACCCAGGAAGAGAGTCAGGGAACATTATGGTATATAC
>Human| chr5:145767998-145769497 | element 200046 | negative
aatcatctacctactctgaacttgtatccctgcagctgaatgtgctggagaaaatcccacaaccacattggcaggtcttaccttaaaaggatggctttgaagctcaagtgtctccttatgctgccaagcaacctcttatttgccctggtttcattcactctcctatagctgaggcaactattttacacatttttctctccaagtctccaacgtcttctctgcaatcctcatttttaactggtgagtcagttttatacttcatcaaaaaagccgaagcaatcagcaaccaaacctaaacctctcattttcctccacctactctgccttcctgttattgttgatgaactttccatacactatctaagctgattcctttccttttgaactaaatccttttctttctcacctacttcaagacataactccagcaaatctgtcctttctccccatataatcaattttttactctctacaacacattttttgctctgttgttcctaccttacaaaaaccttcacttgactccattctccctgccagctgctaccctaatcctttgcttcccctttcatcaaaacttctcaagagttgtctgtgcttcctgtcttcaatttatcttctgtcagttttctctttttaaaaaaattttgttttcaaaaaatagagatcaggtcttgctctgtcgcccagtctggtcttgaactcctgggctcagtaatcctcctgcctcggcttcccaaagtgttgggattacaggtgtgcgccaccgcatccagtctctcaatctctcttgaacccaattcagtcaagttccttccaaactgctctcatcctgtttactgataacctccacttggctaaagccaatggttaataatcagtcctcatcattctaaacccataagcagcatttgaccaatggatgcctcctttctctttggtaaactttttcattttgttttcaggataacacattctctttattttcttctgtctcactgcttaatccttcacagtctccttctctggttcctcctcttctctccaagctcttaactgcagtgtcctgggctcagtccctgcacctcttctccatctacacacactttattggtcatctcatcatgccccatctcaattctgttgactcacacatcttcatttccagtcttcatctccctcctgaatttaagacttatatatccaactgctgattcaacatctccatttgggtgtctaatagacacttgagacttaatgggtccaaggctgaactcccagtcatcctcactaaacctgccctagcccagccatcctttcccatctcactgtattgtaattccatccttctagttgctgaggccaaaacccgtagtgttattcttcactccaattcatcagcaaatcctgttagctctgtcttcaaaatatatctgcccacttcttacacctccacggttaccaccctaatccaggatattgtcatttcttacaatagcc
>Human| chr6:45054273-45055772 | element 200047 | negative
AAACTAAATCAGCCACTTAGACACGTAGCTTGAAGTACTTATGTACATAACAAAGCACTGGGATTTTAAGAATCTTGGTTTTAAAAACTCCCTCCAGCAATTCTTCCATCTCTAAAACTCTAGGCTTCTTAGAGTTTTGTTGCATTCAAAATGGCCTCAGCAATTGGTTCATAATGATGTCACAGGAGTAACCAGAAAAACTGTGCATCACTGGTACTGAAAATGAGAGTTATTTATCTGTGAATAGGTACACGGCTAAAATATGTTGAACGTAAATCTATTTCCataattattaataaataaaatttaatatttaaGATATCAGTAATAGTGAACACTAGGTGTCAGTGTAAGAAACGGAAAAATATTTTTAAAAACCTGTTGTTTCCAATCAGGTGTATAACAATAAAATCAAAAGCAGCTGTGACCACATTTACTTATAATTACATAATTCGGTTAACAAGCCAATCTTTCTTTCAAACAAAAATTTCTGTTCCAAAACCATCAAGAGTTTAAAATCAGATTAAGCTAATTATTAGAAGTTACAAGTCTTTTGTAACCTTGGCTACATAAAGCATAGCAAATTTTTACTTTTAAGAATATATATTTTGAAGAAAATTCTACTTTTAGGAATACATATTTTGAAGTGTTAAAGTGCAGAACTACTATACTGCATTATTTTCGTTGGTTATTTTTCAAAATAATAATGCTGGATGATTAATAAATGATACTGAATTTTAAGCTTTTCCCCAAACAGAAGTTTCCCACATAAATTTCAAGTTATTAAAAGTTAAAATGTTTAAAGGGTCAATTCACAAGGAAAGGGCACACGAACTTAGGAAGTACAATTGCTTCTCTTAAAATTTTAGTACCTAGAATTTTTCTAAAGTATAAATGCTATCATTTATACTAAAAATATCATCTAATAACTTTACCAATATTTCAGATAAAGAGTTTTCTCTATAGACTTTTGAGGGTAAATGCTTTTAAAACACAAGTTTTAAAAAGATTATTATTAGCAATAATAATAAAAGGAAATGTCAACATCAAAACAGTGTCCCTAGTTTTATGAAAAGGCACTTTACAATTTACAAACACATTCATAGTATTACTTAATTTACACCTAATAATAATAATATAAGAAATCTATACTCATTTTAGCACACTGGTCAAGTTTGGGGGCTTGAGCTCTCTGTTTCATCTACCTATTTATCCATTTCTCTGTTTCACCTCCCTCAAACTCCACATTACTATGTACTTATGAAATCATGTATTTTTCAAGAATGTTGGGAAATTTCTTCACACAATATTCTGAAAACCATCAAGTTTGAAAAAGAAACAAAACTAAACATAGAAGTCGCCACTAAAATACAATATCTTAGGACTCGAAGATCATTTAGGAGAATATTCAAGGATTTGCTGGATAAAAATAAGTGCTTTCAGTCAATGCTGTTTCTTATTTCAATGATAGTTAAGTTCTATTCCAATTATAGAGATAAA
>Human| chr7:157947127-157948626 | element 200048 | negative
AACACCGCTGTAACATTTAACAACTCAGAAAAACTCTCTCTTATGGCTGCTACGCATCCCTTTTCCTTTGACTCCCTTTGGTTCGAGTCTTGTTAAATGGATGGGAGAGCAGAAATACAACTGCCCTGAAATAAAACTTCATGTTCTTTATGGTAAAGATCAGAGAACAGGAGGCATTTTCAGTGGGCCTCTTAGAATCACTATAATAGGAAACATCCACCTTCAAAATGGAATAATAAAGTACAATTCCAAAAACTACTTCCCCTCATCTGAAAAAGAAACTTTTTAGGTTATCATTAATGAAAAATAACTTTAAAAAAAATCATAAGTATATAAGAGAAAATTCTAAGTTGCTGGGCAGCTTATGGGAGAACAGTTAATGCATACTAGGGATCCCCTCCCATGTAACCTCTACAAACCACACACACAGCATTTTATGAACATGCTGAGTTATCTCAGAAGCATCCACTACCTGCCATTTGAAGATGAAGAGAAATGAGGAAGTATGTTTTGCAGCATCCAGTGAGCCCTGGTGGGTTGAAGAAGGGCGGCAGCACAGAGCACAGATAACAAGAATATCAAAGTAAAACGTTGTGTTCCATCAACTGCACCACGTAATTCTGCAATCTGGCCAGTTCATAATGACATTTTAAGTAGCTTTCAGTGCTCCAACTGGGCTCTCATAAGGCAATTACACAAAATGTCAGGATATTAAATGTGTAAAGCCTGGAGTAAGAGATCAGCTCACATGACTCTGCATTCTCAACTGCCACAGCCAGGCCTATTGAAATTATATGTCATTGTAGGGCCTTCCAAACAAAATGGTACAAGCTTTAAACAATCAGCAACAGCCTGCAGATAACCTCGCCACAACATTGTTTTCACAAAGACAATGGGAATCATGCACAACAGCTTTTGCTCCTAAGTGCCTTTACAACCATGTATATATGAAGGTACACAGTTAGCCACATCTGAACACccatcatcaccatcagtagcaccaccatcaccaacaccatcatcaccatcatcatcaccatcaccatcatcatcaccatcaccatcatcaccaatgccatcatcaccatcaccatcagcactatcatcaccatcaacaccatcatcatcattgccatcatcaccatcaccatcatcaccatcatcatcaccatcaccatcaacactatcatcaccatcatcaccaccgtcatcattgccatcatcaccatcaccagtgccatcatcaccatcaccatcagcactatcatcaccgtcaacaccatcatcaccatcaccatcatcaccatcatcaccatcaccatcatcatcaccatcaacactatcattaccatcatcaacaccatcatcatcaccaccatcatcaccatcacccaccatcatGGGGAATGGACTGTGCTCCTTTGGTTTAGAGGACATACAGCCCATTTAATTGCTGGGGTCCAAAACTTGGGTATTTGCAGAGGATTCAGGTAAATTCAG
>Human| chr5:134470753-134472252 | element 200049 | negative
CAAATGGATGACCAGCTGCAGTCCTGCCCCGGCTCTGGGTTTCTGAGTGGTCACTAGGGCAGGAGAGGAAGAGTGTCCCAACACAGCAGGCGGCTGGCACAGGATAGTATCCCTGTGGCTCAGTGCCACCACACGTCCCATGCCCCAGGCTCTGTGAAGGCTGCTGCGCTTGACTCTTGGGACTCAGTTCTGCTGTGGCTTCAGGACAGGCTTCTCCCATCTTGCTGTGCTGCTGTACTGTTGTCCCCTGCCTGATTCACTCTGGGTTAACTGTTGGGTGGCTGCATCCTGACCTGCTACACCCAGCTCAGCCCTTGTCAGCATTGTCAGGCTGGGGCCAGCATTGTTGGTGGCCCCCAAATTCCTGCAAAGCCTTTCCATCTCAACATGCCATGTGCAATGGAATGCTGCTTGCACATGGCCCTTACACGTGCCAGGGTCTACCCACACGCACTGCGACCAGGTGATGCCTGCACCTGCCTGACCTGTGTATGCATGGGGTGCCAATCCCACCTTTAACCCCCTCCCACCAGCCTAGACACCCCTGCCTCCTAAATATGCTCCTTTCTTTCCACCTGTGCACCTTTTACGCTCTCTCCTGGCCTGTTCACAGGTAACTCTTGCTGTGCATGACTTCCTCTGGCAGAGCGACCCTGTGATGTTGATCTAGGATGTCTGCCAAATGAAGGCACAATCGCCATCTTCCCTCCACTGACAGCAGGAGCAGTGCTGCTTTGTCCCCAGGCCCGTCATGCTGCTCAGCCCATGGCCAGACATGGAGTGGAGGGCCAGTCTGTCCACTCAGGGTCAGATGGACCTGCCTGATGCTGCAGGAGATGAGGTACAGATGGGCCGAAGCATCTCTCTTGGGACACACTGCACACTGGTGTGGCTCCTTGGTGACCTTGCTCTACCTCTGTTGCATCAGCTGCTGCATGGGGTTAGTGGGTCTGGCTCACTGCCCTGATTGCCGGGGTGTGGTGAGCTGGAGGAACGTCAGAGCTGGCTATTGAGGTGGATGACACGGTCTTGGCAGAGCGGGAAATGGGTGGGAGGGGGGTGGCGCTCGACTCAACAAGAAAGATGGGCCAGAAGTAATCGAGATTATTGAAAGGGGAGCCAGAAGGGACTTGGCACTGCGACCAGCATATGACGTGGCATGAGTCTCTTGCCCTATCTGGATATTACAGTTGTTCTGGACAAAATGTGGCTTCCTTCCTCGGACCCTGCATCTGGGGTAGGTCTGTTTTGGGGGCTGAGCTGGGTCACACTTGCAGCACCACCTGATTCAAGCTCAGCTCCTTCACTTGTGCAGAGCACCTGCTGTGTGCTGGTCATTGAGCAGGACAGGCATGGGCCTGGCCCTTACAGATCACCAGGGAAGGGACTGGGGATCCTACAGACTCGCCCTGAGCGGAGGCAGGAGGACTTGGTGGCAGTGGTAGAGGTGGGAGGAGTATAATCTACCTCTGGGATAAGCCCCCCAGAAATCATTCCAGA
>Human| chr10:4456749-4458248 | element 200050 | negative
ttttgtgtaaggtgtaaggaagggatccagtttcagctttctacatatggctagccagttttcccagcaccTTATGCTATGATAAGGATGTTGATTTTAAAAGTGGATAGTATTTTTTATAGTTTTTAAGACTATATTAGTGTAGTATATAGTCTTAAAAAACTATAAAAAATACTATCCACTTTTAAAAACACCATCCTTATCATAGCATAAGTATTTGAACATTTCTTCATAATCATTATCTTGAATAAGAGCATAACTTATTTTTCCAGAGGGTCTTTTCAATTTCTTCTTTTTCTTACTCTTATTCATATTGATAATTTATATCATTTCGTACTTTTACATAGCTTGTTTTCAAAAACATAGTCTTGCATGAAGttttctctttctctcttcccttccctccttccttccctccctccctgtctctctttctttttttctttttctttctttcttcctttccctctttctctctttctttctttctttgtctctctctctctctctttctttctttcttcctttttttttaaaagtgtctctctctgttacccaggctggagtgcagcagcaggatcatagctgactgtattcttgacctccccaggctcagttgatcctcccatctcagcctcacaaatagttggatctacagttatgttcaccacttctggctaattattcttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttgtagagacgaggtctcaccatgttgccccaagctggtcttgaactcctagtctcaagcaatcctcccgccttggcctctcaaagtgtttaggttacaggtgtgagccaccatgcctagcTGCATATAGTTTTCTACCCCAATATTTTAAAAAGTGTTTACTTAGAAGATATTTCAAAAAGTTATGCATGTTATCAATGAAGTGTGAATTCTAAGCTCCAGTGCTGTAGCATCAGCATTGTCTCTTGCCTGAGGAAACAAAAGAAGTGTGTTAGGTAGAGAGAGGCTTTCAAACCATGTCCCAGCACCTTCAGACAAGCAATATTGTGATAAGAATACTGTTAAATTAGTGAACATTTCTCTTACAGACCATTGAGAAAATATTTTCAAGACTGACTGAGCATTTACTGATAAATCACATTATAGTTGAAAAGAATATGCAACAAGATAAAGTTAAAATAACTTTTCTTTGGAAAGAAATAGATGTTTGGGAGGGGAAAATCAtatacgtgttatatttagtttgttggtttctgccccaaatttaagtctaacatcttttgagcttcattttttatactgtcatattgacttaaaagcattcttgctctacattattgttgtcacagattttatggacatcatctagttcttttcgttatacttcttgacaaccagatagttccaaagaaaagatgtgtattatatcacaagagactttcattcacataagtattgatatgctatcaagtcaaatgccaagattttcac
>Human| chr11:30262004-30263503 | element 200051 | negative
atccgggtattaagggcctggaattggaCTAAAGAAGGGGAGGAGGTGGTTCCAGATGACAGAGAAAGATGAAACTGATATTTGTTCTCAGAAGGTTGGACtgtgacagagattgttacgtgttcacagaaaccttctctatttttcctggggacatagtttgcagccccacttgtagaaaggtatatttatgtcaccaagttctaccaataaccaaggttatcagaaatgatgtgtgctacttctaggtctggctcataaatcctctgacaggtaaatcgtactctcttctactctcaggtgactgagtactaatgattaaagcaaccttggaagccatgcacagagagcagcagaggctctacagcctaaatctcagaatgcccagaggactcaaacatgcctaaacacctgttccctctgaaagaactttgtatgaacaagaaacaaatttctcttgtgttaagtcactgagacttgggggtttatttgttacagcaggtaatattaccttaactaTTGTAGGGATCCACAGTACTTAAGGAGCTTAAATATAATGTTTCAGATCAACTCACATGAACCAAGTATAAAATTAGTTATCTAATAATGTATACATATATACCCAGATCACAATCTTCTGTTAAAATACGCAAAACAGCTTTGTTATTTAGTACTTTAAGTTTTTGCCTGGAGGAgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagaATTTCCCTAAATAAAATTTCCTCCTTCTTTCTGTCTGAAAGTGGCTCAGGGAATCACTGACTACTATTTCATATGAAATACTCAACACAAAAAGGCAAGCTAGTGCCTCCTACTGGTCCCGCTGATAAAGTACATATCCTTGAGACAGTGTAtcacagagctgttaagtggggaatccaggatcagggagttctcatgactttagagcctgtgtaccatctaccatacTCCAACATTCTTTACAAGCATTATCATGAGGGTATTTCAGCGGTCCATGTAGATTACTTGGTAATGTTGGGCTGGGACTTAAAATTTGACCCTCAGTTTACTAATAAGGTTTTAAAGAAGCCAGACACTCATATCACACCAGGATAAAATGCTACCTTTCCAAACGAGATTACTTCAAAGCCTTAATGCATCTGGGGAAACAGAGGGTAACCCTGGGGGATATGTAATATTGACTAGACCAAATGCCAGAGATTAGGAGCAGGGAGAGAGTAGTGAAAGTACAGAGGAGACAGGAAACAATTAAAGTTATTAAACAATAATTCTTCAAGGAATCCCTTACATGGAGTATATTTATTTCCACCTTAAACATAATTTTCCAAAATCTAAAGCAAAAGACCTTTTTACTCCATTAGCATTTCTTTCTCGATTTCCAATAAAAAAGATCAGCTGAAAAGATCAGCCAGTAACATCTACAATAATAAAACAATCTCAGCCACCTTTAAGCAA
>Human| chr1:15085659-15087158 | element 200052 | negative
AGGGCAGCCACGGCAGGAGCTCGCGTTCCTATCTCAGCCTGGCTGTGCCAAAGCCTGACATTTCTTGTTCTGATAATTGATGTGGCCAAGTTGAAGCTTGTCACCGTGAGAGCATCGCACCGTGGCTTTGGTAGTGCCGTGGCTATGTGAAGAGTGAGAAAAATCAATTTCCACTGTCCACGGAAGGTTGTTTGATTTATTACTGTTGGAAGAAGAAATTCTTTATCTCCCACCCCCTGTTGGAGAGCACTGTTTTACAGTCTGCTGTTAGAGAGGCTCTATAAAAGCAGCTATATTTGTGCAAATTTTGGTATTTTGATAACCTTCCTTGACTATTCAGAGGACATTGAACATTCCCAATTTTTATAACCCTCATTTGTTTTTGATTAAGCAATTATAGGCACTAAAAGACAGTCTGCAAGAGAGTGTGGCCAGCGTACCTGCAGGATTATTTCATGCCATAGGAAGCATCAGACGGCTTTAATATTTCATGACCACTGGCAGGAGGAAGGAGGGGTTTGCTAggaaagagcagaggatgcgatctggagtcagacggggattgggatcccaactgccattggagaacaggtcggtgtccatgagcctcagtttccttatctgaacaatgagtatGtgtagcagacaataccgtccagatcctcttagatcccttcaagccttttcttgtgcaccacgcttgcctgccttggtgtgcttctgatttcagcatcctgcattgtggctcctcttccaggactctccctttgcctcccggcctccgagaacttaagtacctgggaattaatgtcccctcagggcagcccctcctcccgtgactgacccacctgtgagtttgaaagcagcgctcccttgcctcacctcaggacacaccccgaggtgtaacttacattccaggtgggtgtaacttacactccaagttggttcaggctgaggttcccccaggcacaactttgcctgaaaccaaccaatgctcgcctggcttcccttccttccccaaccctcttcccacccccattactggaagacttctttaatacatcacttgggcccaaatcctcgtctcaggctctgcttctgagaaacgcccccaagataGTAGACTGGTGCTCCTTGCCAATGTTTTTACAAATTGTTTCATTAACTtttattcagcacttcaatgtgccaggcgtggaattaaatggttgaagtgcgttatctcttttaaGGTTGTGATGATAAAATAAGGTCTAAGGAGGTACTTTGCACAGTGACAAACACATAGCAGCAACTCGGCACTCGCTGGCCCAGTTTGAACATGATTGGGCTGCAATGTGGTGAGAGGACTCAGGGCAATCcagcagcctcctctctctctccttcgtcccctcctgccccttccaaatttttctccacacagcagccagagtagtcttttaaaacatatcaatccaatatgtaagaccctctggtggctacttgattgcacatagatat
>Human| chr9:90914438-90915937 | element 200053 | negative
acttaaatgttagacctaaaaccgtaaaaactctagaagaaaacctaggcaataccattcaagacataggcatgggcaaggacttcgtgtctaaaacaccaaaagcaatggcaacaaaagccaaaattgacaaatgggatctaattaaactaaagagcttctgcacagcaaaagaaactaccatcagaatgaacaggcaacctacagaatgggagaaaatttttgcaatctactcatctgacaaagggctaatatccagaatctacaatgaactcaaacaaatttagaagaataaaacaaacaaccccatcaaaaagtgggcgaaggatatgaacagacacttctcaaaagaagatatttatgcagccaaaagacacatgaaaaaatgctcatcatcactggccatcagagaaatgcaaatcaaaaccacaatgagataccatctcacagcagttagaatggtgatcattaaaaagtcaggaaacaacaggtgctggagagcatgtggagaaataggaacacttttacactgttggtgggactgtaaactgttcaaccattgtggaaaacagtgtggcgattcctcagggatctagaactagaaataccatttgacccagccatcccattactgggtatatacccaaaggattataaatcatggtgctataaagacacatgaacacgtatgtttattgtggcactattcacaatagcaaagacttggaaccaacccaaatgtccaacaatgatagactggattaagaaaatgtggcacatatacaccatggaatactatgcagccataaaaatgatgagatcgtgtcctttgtagggacatggatgaagctggaaaccatcattctcagcaaactatcgcaaggacaaaaaaccaaataccgcatgttcttactcataggtgggaattgaacaatgagaacacatggacacaggaaggggaacatcacacaccgggcctgttgtggggtggggggagggggagggatagcattaggagatatacctaatgttaaatgatgaattaatgggtgcagcacaccaacatggcacatgtatacatatgtgacaaacctgcacgttgtgcacatgtaccctagaacttaaagtataattaaaaaaaaaaaaCGttgtagagataggggtctcattatattgaccggcttgtctcaaattcctgggctcaagtgatcccccctcctcgggctcccaaagtgttgggattataggtgtgagccactgcacccggcGAgggacactcttttagtatttctcatgttgagtgtgagcacacactcaagaaagtgtgtcagccagcctttcacatttttatctcccccttgtattacacaaccaacgttttaattgccggttccacctttttttttttttttgagatggagtgtcactctgtcacccaggctggagtgagtgtagtggcgcgatcttggctcactgcagcccccgcctcccaggttcaag
>Human| chr1:40484508-40486007 | element 200054 | negative
tccagcctgagtggcagagcaagactccatctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagttctttgtattaaactttcctgttcaaacttttttttttttttgagacggagtttcactcttttgtccaggctggagtgcagtggcgtgatctcagctcactgcaacctctgcctttcagtttcaagcaattctcctgccttggcctcctgagtagctgggattacaggcgcctgccaccatgcccagctaatttttgtatttttagtaaagatggggttttactctgttggccaggctggtctcaaactcctgaaattgtgatctgcccacctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccacgcccggcccttcctgttcaaattactgtatggtttctgtctcctggttgcaccttaactgacataTTTTCCTGGTTGGACTCTGAGTCATATTCTCATTGATTTGTAGTATACTTTAACTGTATATTAAATTCCCAtatttctacatgggtctatgtctgagatctctattttgttctattggcctactggcctaATTTAATCtttaatgagataataagtgcaaaatatctacccattacctagcacatagtagttactcattgaatggtagtgataattAACATGATAGAGACTACTTATTTTTGCCCTCACAAAGTACCCATCTAGGACCAATAATCTGGCTTTTGTTTAATTTTGTGGGGTTGGAGAAGGGAGGCAGATTCAGTAGGGAGAGATGACGTTCTTGGTTCAATCAACTTATGAATGAATGAAAATCCAGAAATTGCTGGATTTTTCTGGCTTTAAGCCACTGCTTTAGCCATCACCCATAATTCACATTCATGTAGGCATTTACTTCTACAATGATTCTAATAGATCTATTCTATAATTTTTGAATTTTCTTGGGCATAATTAGAAATCATAAACCTATACAATGCAGTCTCATAGAGAAACTCTAGCAAATGCTCCAAGTGTACACAGTACTATTTTTTTTTTACATTTTTGTTCCAAAAGAGAAGTTTCTGTCATAGATTAACCATAAATTATAAAACAAAATCTAAACAAGTAGTAAAACATCTCCCAttattttattttattttattttattttattttattttattttttgagatgaagtctggctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcacaatctcagctcactgcaacctccacctcccggttcaagtgattcttctgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgggattacaggcacctgccaccattcccagctaatttttttgtaattttagtagagatggggtttcaccatgatggccaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcaagtgatccgcctgcctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggaatgagccatcacatccagccTGTCTCCCATTCTTAGATGGGAAGATTTAATATGTCCAGTCTACTGAAATTAATACATTTA
>Human| chr2:222445129-222446628 | element 200055 | negative
TTATGTTCTCATCTGAAACTTGTATAGTTTTCATTCGGATTGTTGCAATTTAAAATACTCTGATAAATGCCTAGTTGTGTCCGTATTATTTACGGATCACCCTGGTTAAGATACTGAGTGAACTAAATTTGCAATGCAGAAATCATTGCACAGGTAGAAATCATAATGAATTGCAAAAGTAGTGAGGATCTTCAGGGTGCTTTGGGTCTTCCCACCTCTAGCTTTCTTTAGCAATACACTTCTTTTGGCACTTTACAATATGTGTATGTATGTGTAATAGATAGCCATCTATTTATAAACTAGGGTACTTGTTTTAAAAACCTGATTTAGATTAAGAATAAGATTAGCTGGCTTTAAAGCTCTTATACATAAGTACCTCACATGGTTAACAATCACTGTGGGCTAGCTCTAAGTCTGGAATAATCTGTGATTTAGAACCTTCCTCTTGCTGTATTCTGACTTAATCTGCTCAGTTCTTTGCTTTTTCCATGTCCACCTACACACCACTGTCCATTTTCCTGCAACCTTTTTGCTGTCAGTCAAGTGACAGCCTTGGATAGAATCTTTGTGTGCCAAGACCTCCTGAGGCCCAGCACCACATTTAGATGGAAAAAGCGAGGGGTGGCAGAAACACAAGGGATTCTTCAAACGCTGGGGGTGGGAGACTATTAGTGGGAGGTTTTTGGTGTATAGCTCCTTCAGAAACTGCTTTCTCAAACACACACAAAAATGCAAACACATATACCAAACCCCCACATCTGCAGCCTAGCACCAGTGTAATGTAAAATCATCCTGGAAGTCAACCATTCCAAGACTTGTTGAGGCAAAGAATAAAGCACCCTTGCTGTACTTTAACAGGGGTTGGAGCCCAAGAATAGCCCTAGTTTCTATCCTAATGTGAGTGATCCGATGTGTCTAGATTTCCCTTTCTTGGATTGACTGACTCTTAGCTGACCTGTAAGTACTAACATCTCTTCCTAAAATTACTTGGGAACATTTGTTTTTGCTAATTGGAGAGAAGCAGGAGGAATGTTCTGCTTATTACTTTGTACAGGTTTCACCCTGTATAATTTAATGTCTTAATATTGAAGGGAGGTTGCATCTTATAATACGAAGCCACACTTTTAAGACCTTTCTATTTGTAACAGTGCATTACTTCCCTGAAAAGTCAGATAGGTCATTAATACAAATTAGGTTTTGATCTCTAGAAAAAGAGCCTGAATTGAGGCATAGGCCTTATTTTTATTACTTTGTTTTTAGTTGGTGCCATCTGCATTCTGATTATAGAGTCTCTTAAATTTGACTTCATATTCCTGATCAGCTAAAGTTACAGGATCTTTATACAAAATGTTCCAAGTTTTTTCACTAAAACTACCAGCAACCTGATATTCTCTAAAAATAAAGAGATTATTTTCACCTTGTCATTAGAAATAAAATATATTTGCTTCTGTCTCAATTAAGGCACATGTCACCTGAAATATGTAATACGTTATAAGATAA
>Human| chr2:170492633-170494132 | element 200056 | negative
GGATCGTTTCAGACGTAGTGAGACTCCTCCACATTGGAGGCAAGAGATGCAGAGAGCTCAAAGAATGAGGGTATCAAGTGGTGAAAGATGGATCAAGGGGGATAAGTAAGATTTAACTATTATTATTTCAAATGTAATGATAAGTGTTTGCTTTTACTATTATACATAAAGTTATTGTCATTTTAGTTATTGCTGAATACCTTAAGAAAAGTAGAATATCATTTTAGCTAATAATATCTACAGTTCTTTTCCTAATAACATTTCCCCAATTCTTTTTCTTATTTTTTAGGAGTGAGTTGAATGAAATAAAAGAAAATCAGAGAAGTCCAGTTAGAGTAAAAGAGAGAAAAATAACAGATCACAGGAATGTATCTGAGAGTCCAAACAGAAAAAATGAAAAGGAGAAGAAAGTTAAAGACCATAAATCTAACAGCAAAGAGAGAGACATCAGAAGAAATTCAGAAAAAGATGACAAGTATAAAAACAAAGTGAAGAAAAGGGCCAAATCTAAAAGTAGGAGTAAGAGCAAAGAGAAATCAAAGAGTAAAGAAAGAGATTCAAAACATAATAGAAATGAAGAAAAGAGGATGAGGTCAAGGAGTAAAGGAAGGGATCATGAAAATGTTAAAGAAAAAGAAAAGCAGTCTGATTCTAAAGGAAAAGATCAGGAAAGGAGTAGAAGTAAAGAGAAGTCTAAACAGTTAGAATCAAAGAGTAATGAGCATGATCACAGTAAAAGTAAGGAAAAGGATAGACGCGCACAATCCAGGAGTAGAGAATGTGATATAACTAAAGGTAAACACAGTTATAATAGCAGAACAAGAGAACGAAGCAGAAGTAGGGACAGAAGCAGAAGAGTGCGATCAAGAACCCATGACAGAGATCGCAGCAGAAGCAAGGAGTACCATAGATACAGAGAACAGGAATACAGGAGAAGAGGACGGTCACGAAGCCGAGAGAGAAGAACACCACCAGGAAGATCAAGAAGTAAAGATAGGAGGAGAAGGAGGAGAGACTCACGGAGCTCAGAGAGAGAAGAAAGTCAAAGCAGAAACAAAGACAAATACAGAAACCAAGAGAGTAAGAGCTCACACAGAAAAGAAAATTCTGAGAGTGAGAAAAGAATGTACTCTAAAAGTCGTGATCATAATAGCTCAAATAACAGCAGGGAAAAAAAGGCTGATAGAGATCAAAGTCCCTTCTCAAAAATAAAACAAAGCAGTCAGGACAATGAATTAAAGTCCTCCATGTTGAAAAATAAGGAGGATGAGAAGATCAGATCCTCAGTGGAAAAAGAAAACCAAAAATCAAAAGGTCAAGAAAATGACCATGTACATGAAAAAAATAAAAAATTTGATCATGAATCAAGCCCTGGAACAGATGAAGACAAAAGCGGATGAGTGAGTTATATAAACTTACTTCCATTCTGTTTCGGATTTTAAGTTTGAGAGACTTGCTAATGAATCTCCTTTATGTTGTTTTCCTTTTCATTGTTTTTGG
>Human| chr2:186478030-186479529 | element 200057 | negative
atgaagacatacctgaaactggacaatttacaaaagaaagaggtttactggacttacagttttatgtgactggggagacctcacatatcatggcagaaggtgaaaggcatatttcacatggtggcagacaagagaagagagcttgtacaaggaaactcccatttttaaaaccaccagatctcgtgagactcattcactatcacaagaacaacacaggaaagacccacccccgtaattcagtcacctcccattgggtacctcccatgacatgtgggaattgtgggagttacaattcaagatgtgatttaggtggggacacaggcaaaccatatcatcctgtgagcctattcccataataaatcccctcacatatctatagatctacatctatctatctatcatttatctatctatctatctatctatctatctatctatctatctatctatcatctatctatctatcatctgtctattatctatctatatatctatctatatcctatttgttctgattctctggagaactcAAATATACTATACAaattctatttttaattttttgagaaaatttcatattgttttgcataatgactacaccaatttacattctctccaacagtgtatgagagttctgttttccccacatcctttaccttaagacttacctttttggtttttataatagctgtcttatcaggtgtgaggcaatatgtcattgcggttttgattttcatcttcctgatgattagtaatgttgagcaacttttcatatacatgttaaccatttttatgtctttttggaaaaatgtctgttcaggtcctttgcccatttttaattagattttttcttttgctattcagttgtagaagtcccttatgtaatttggatattaataccttaccagatatatgtctcacaaacaaatattttcttccatttcataggatgcttttttactctgttgattgtttcctttactttttagtctgatgtagtccaaacttgtctatttttgtcttttgttgcctctgcttttggtgtgatagccaagaacatgtgatcgagattaccataatgaagttttttctatgttttcttccagtagcattatagtttctgaggtcttacatttaagtgcttaatgcattttgagttgacttttgtggatggtctaggataagggtccaattttattatttgcatgtggatattcagttttccaaacaccatttgttgaagaagctgccttttcttgacacttgtgttcttgacacttgttaaaaaccagttgaccatacatgtgggggtttatttatgagctccttattgtgttccatttttctatatgtctgtctttgtcagcagcatgctgttttgattactgtagctttgtaatatgcttaaaaattagagaaaatgatacctctagatttgttcttctgtataaaattattttgattcttagcagtcctttgtggtttcatatgaattttaag
>Human| chr2:150440356-150441855 | element 200058 | negative
AATATCTCCCCAACATTTCCCATTTCTCTTCATTCTTTATACTGCCATAAGAATTCTTCTGCTAAAAGATACTGTTTCCTTATCGTTCTAGAAAATTCTAGCAAATTCTTACTTTTTCTTTAAGACCTGGATAAATATAACCTCCTTTGTGATACGTGTCTCCAAAGCATTCTGTCAACCTGAAAATTTAGGCTGCCTCTCTTGGGGTCTGTACCCAACTTGCCCAAAGAAACAAAAATGGTAATTATTTGGCTTTTTACTTACTAAACAAACTCAgacttttgggtgtttatataatacaaatttacctttacaactaaggatatttaagagaatgcctcaggatctaaaggaatctaaaatttcaaattccaaaaatattttcagcaagggcTCAAAATAAGCAGCAGCAAAATAAAAGATTATCTGAAGGGGCCAATATTTGAGAGCATGTAATagtaataatcaatgttggacactatgggtccaagttctatagtaagtgctgtacatatacattgttttatttaattttcataacaattctatatactgttattagaactagtttcagcatggttaaactACAATCTGCGATCATTCACATCGTTTCACAAGCAAAAAACAGAAGGAGGAGGAAGATCATCCAAATTATTTCAAAAATCGCCTATTATTTATTATTTTAGCCTGTCTATCAAGGCCATTAGATTATATTTTGACATTCTTTTCTTGGTGATAGAACTTTTAACAAAAGTTATATAATAAAATATGAGTTTTGTTCCTAGCCTAAGAAAATCCAATTACCAAATTTCATTTTAATAGCAAAATAAACCAGTATCTAAATTGCCCACTGAAAGCGACAGTTGATGATAGTACTAATCTGTTTCAAACCTTACCCGTTAACCTGTGAGATTCTCAAATCTTggctgggtgcagtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcacttagggaggcgaaggtgggtggattacctgaggtctagcctggccaacatggtgaaaccccgtttctactaaaaatacaaaaaaagccaattagccgggcatcgtggcaagtgcctataatcccagctacttaggaggctgaggcaggagaattacttgaacccaggagccaggatttcagtgagcagagatcccgccattgcactccggcctgggaaacaagagtgaaactccgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaaagaaaaaaaaGAAGAAAAACAAATCTGTAATTGTAATTGTGGAAGTGGAATATTTTCTGACAACTTGACAGATTTTATGACTGGTTCAGCTGGTGAACATAATTAAAAATAATAGCCAAAAAGCAAGTCAAAATTACAGCAGAGAGTTCATTCTAGTTTGAGGAAAAGCATTTATTTTATATATGATTAAATTCAAACTTCTAGACTTGGGAAGATGACATGCTATTATGTTTTAACTGTAAAATCCTTATTAGTATATAAAGAGAAAGTGCCTTTTGTG
>Human| chr4:78771435-78772934 | element 200059 | negative
acaaggtgaaaccccgtctctactgaaaatacaaaaacagctgggtgtggtggcatgtgcctgtaatcccagctactggggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacccaggaggtggaggttgcagtgacctgagatcactccactgcactccagcctgggagatggagcaagactccctctctaaataaataaataaaTATAGAGTTGGGATTGCTCTGGTTCAAATGCCTGTGACAAATTGATTACATCAAAGTTGATTAATAGGGTGCATACTACAATTGCAATAAAACCATGTTTTTCTTTATCATTTTTAAATCAGTAGTGACTATAACATGGCTAAGTTTGAGTGAGTACTGCCttttttgtttgtttgttttttgagatggagtctggctctgtcgctcaggctggaatgcagtggcacgctctcggctcactgcaaactccgccacccaagttcaagcaattcttctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggactgcaggcgcgtgccaccaacctggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatggagtttcaccatattagccaggctggtcttgaactcctgaccttgtgatctgcctgcctcagcttctcaaagtactgggattacaggcatgagccaccacacctggcTGAATGAGCAATGTCTTAAAAGTTTCTGAATTTTCTAAATAAGATTTTTTAGGCAATGGAGATTCCATTTGGAAAATTACAATTTCAGTACAATATCAATTTAATAAATTAAATACAGTGTTCCGTTATATTTCCAAATGTAGGCAATCAAGTTTAAATAATGGGTTGGAATGGTAGTAGACAGACTTCAAACAAGAATTCTAGACTAGGGACAAGAAATGTCTGAACTATGACTATATTATATTCTGTAGCATATAAAGCTAAAACTGGACAAAACACCACAAGGTTCAAATGGGAAAACTTTCACTAATTAATTCAATTAAAAATCATGAATTAAGTAGGATCAGACTAATTTACTGAGAGCTAGTTTACCTAACCCAGTTTGACTAAGGGTTTCTAATGTATTCAAATGAATGTATATAAAATAGAAAAAGACACCATCTGAACATAAAACACACCACCAGTGACAAAAAGGAGCAAAAACAATTATTAAACATACAAGGTTCAGATGGAAAAAAAACTTACATGAATTGCTTAAAATATGAAAGACAAATGGATCtttttttctttttttattttgagacggagtctcactccgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcacgatctcggctcactgcaagctccgcctcccaggttcacgccattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggactacaggcgcccgcacgcccagctcattttttatatttttagtagagacagggtttcaccatgttagacaggatggtctcgatctcctgacctcgtgctctgcccgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggtgtg
>Human| chr5:112016520-112018019 | element 200060 | negative
TTTGGAAACTTTGCCATGCCAAGCTTTTTAATCAGAGTAGTGAACGTGCCCCTACAGTGAAAGCAGCCTGTCCCCTAGAATTATCTCTCTTCACGTAGTTAGAAGGAGCCTGTACGTACTTGACTGCACCCATGAAAACCCACAGCTTCACCTTTCCTTTCCAAGATTTGTGACATTTCTTAGATAAATTTGAGGACTGATGAAATGTAAGTAGAGGTCCTGGATTCCGCCTTTCTTTAACTGTTCCCTACCTTTTTAATTTTTTTTTCTTAATTTGAAGACCATGTATGTCTAATGAGACTTTCTTAAGATGTTATGAACCAAAAATTTTTGACCAATTCTTTTTCTTCTTATTATTCTtcatcatcattatcatcatcatcatcatAGACTCTTATTCTAATTTTAAAGCTGTTTATATAAATGTCTCAATAAGTCACATTTTTCTACTATCACTACTTTCTCAGGGTTCAGCAATTAAAACATGGTTACAGCACATACAGTATTCCTTCTAATTAACTTCTGTTTCCCTTCACACTCAGTTTAAAATGAAATATTTTTTTAACTGGAATATATTTTGATAGGCTTAAATTAAAACTTTTTTTAATGCCCAGAGTCCAGCCCTAAAAGATCTGAGACCTTACTCAGATCTCAGAGGTTAAAATAACGAACAACTTACTGAACAGCTACTAGAGAACTCATTAGTTTCACTTTTCAGGCTGGGTGCCAAAGGTGGGCTGCTTCCATCTGTGGGACACACACACACCTTATTGTAGACTGCAAAATGCACATATTTTAGCCAGTCACTTTCAGCATGTTCCAGGAAAGTAGATAGCTCCATTAGGTAATGTCAGAGAAGATAAATATGTTTCAATTACTTGCCAAAAATGCTTAGTGAGCATCAGAGAGATGCATTCTGCTTTCCAAATTACTAAGCAGACTATTCAGAAGTACTGAAACATTCATTTTTCATTGCAGATTCTTGACCAGAAGCCAAGGACAGCTGTCTTCCTCTAACACCCTATGGTGATGCCCACAGGAACTCTCTCCTTTCAGGGTTCAACCCACTAAAAGGTGTGAAAGGATGTGCATTTAGCAGCCCTGACATCTACGATTTGACTGAAGGATTTTAAGCACAGAAACCCATGGATCCCGGAAGGGCCATGATCTACCTTTAGATGCTTTGTCTCAGTAATAGCAATGTGTCTGGGTTTCTCTGCATAAATATACTGAAATAAACAATCACAGTCTGTATGTTATTTGTATGTATAAATATATAAATGTATGAATAGGTATTATGCATCTTTCTGGAAAGTAGGACCTGAATCTAAGTCATGATATAATTAAAACGTGGCATTTCGCTCGATGTATACAAGTGGTACAGTGAAAACATCAACCATTTCTGAAAAACtgtttttgaaaatcaacttctaggactatctgcatcagaattatctgactttcaaaaactgcagatttctgtgtttccctgaaggtagt
>Human| chr5:62264473-62265972 | element 200061 | negative
TACTTCTAAATGCCAGTCAAAGCATGCAAAAGCAAAGTATATGGCATTTTGCTGGGACTTATAATGATAAGTTAAAACATCTTATTGATGCTCATCAAGGATGAAAAGTAAGAATTTTGCATGAAAATAGAAAAAGTGCTTAGAAAAACAAGCTGTGCTTGTGCTTTTGAAGTTAATATTGTACACAAAATAAGAAGATGAAGGCCAAAAAAATCTTTGGAAAATTACTTTAAAATTTTTGAATTTTTAACAACACATTCTGATATTCTGATATTAAAGCTCAAGGGGTCAGAGTTTGATCTGATTTGAAAGTAGGGGCTGAAATTGGAGGAGATCTGATCACTATCACCTGTTTTTCTTTTTCAACTCCTACTTATGCTTTTTAAAACTCCCTTTACCTCAATAACTGTGCTTGAATCTAGTTACTGAAAAGAGCAGGGCATTATGTGCATTCAATCACAGGTCCACATCTTTGTGGCCAGCAGTATTGCTAGTAAGTTACATGTGCTTTTAGAAGCCTTTGGCCTCATCACAGTTAATAATAATAATAGCAATTATTTATACGGAAGccaggaagagagccctcaccagaaactgaactgactggcaccttgatcatggatatctaggctccagagctgtaagaaaatacatttctgttgtggaagccaagcagcccatagtattttgttatggcagcctgaacagaGATGGTAGCAATGTGGACTGTTTTAGGACTTCTCTGTTGAGGTGtcatggcaaatgggagccaggactagattacagttctgacttggatggacagagcagcatgtggaggctcacatcatgaattttagctccagaatgactgcaggaataaatcaggaaacctgagaggacccacagtccctctaaataaagcaaatttctcctgcagaacctgggagacacgccaaataccataagtgcgcaaactgtggaagcagaaaagggaaatcctccatcctggaacacacactctcgctggggaaactgaaggtctagtttgctggagaagattctgaccttacctggagctgagtcaatttagagagctgagcaaaatacagtggtagaggaagaagtgggaaaggccctgggagctcgctgggtccccaagcaggccattcctgcctggcaccacagggactcttcgtcagggtggccacaggcatggggaaaatgccacagagagaaggaaaccaccagctgaactttgtaacaatctgaaccggtcaagaagcctcctggccagaactggggggagggcgcaaatcctgcatgcagactccaGCcatgactcagcagaggcagccataatcctcctaggtacataactccattgacctggaaacctcacccccattccctaaagcagccgaagcaagacccgcccaaggagagtctgagctcagaaccgccaagccctgcccccacctgatggtccttccctacccacctcagtaactgaacacaaag
>Human| chr5:173043353-173044852 | element 200062 | negative
GCGCCAGTCGCTGCCCCGGCAGAGGCCTGGCTAGTTCCGCCGCCGCCCACCGCGCCAGTTCCCCCGCCGCCGCCGCCGTCCGCCATGGCTGCGCCCCGGGCCCACAAGGGAGAACGACTATAGCTTCTTCTCCAGGACAGAAGGCCTAGAACGTGTAGAGGTGGTGAAGGGGGCGGTGAAGGAGGAGGGCCCCAAggcggcagcggcggaggtggcgatggcggcaggggcggtggtgggggcggcggcggcgAAGGCCCCCTCTGATACAGCAGAGGTTGTGGTGGACGCGGCAGAAACGGCCTGCTCGATTCCAGGCGCACCCCAGATGGCGTCAACGTTGACCTTTGCATTGTGGGGCGGGAAGTTTTCTGTGGCCATCTCCGGCGTTCTTTATAGGCAGCGGCCTAGCCGAGAGAAACTACAACTCCCGGCAGGGTTCGTGCTTGCTCGTCGCGATTTCGCGGGGTAATATGGGAACTGTAGGCGCAGGCCTCGTGATCGCTGCAACCCGCCAGGCCTTCCCCGCCAGGCCTTCCCCGCCCACTCTCTGCTCACTTCCCATTCAATCAACACGTCCCAGCAGTGCCCGATTATAACAGtcatctgtggagctgattaaaagtatagattaccagaattatttcttaaagatttttatccagtatttacgggtcgagacctagcaatctgtgcttcagcatgcactccCACGTCCTTCTTGAACAACATGTTCCGGGAAATTCCGGAAACAGTGGAACAGTCAAACTTCTATTGTTCAGAAATTTGTGAGTTTCCCTCCttttggttttaatagcaatgcatactcattttagaaaattggaaaataacggaaaagtgtgaagaagaaaataaaagttttccttaaGTCTGTCTTATATGTGTGTGGATTTCCTCCCAAATATTAAATATTGTCaatcataagccaatattgaataattgaaaagtgtcaggcgtgatgctatgcactttccacgcacttcttcacgataatttaaaaaagcagatacatactactattattgctatttacagacgtagaaatggaggcagaagaaagtttgttaacctaatcacatacctagaggtagaaaagtaggatttgaacccaggttttgaggatctaaatcttgcattttAGCCTGAGGTATCCTGAGAGCTAGTTGGTATCCCACAATAGGTAAGGCTTTATATCCTGATTTTTTTAAGTAGCCACAATTCACCATTGGAATCCTATAGCTGCCACCATTATCCTCTCTTCCCTTCATCTTTTGCCTATTGTTAGCTCAGCTCCCCCTCCCAACCTCAGCAATTATGTCTGCTATTGTTGTTTCCTCATCTTACACAAGCAGCAGAGGGGATGTAAATAGCAAATTCTGCAATATCCTTGGCTCCTGCGAAGATGCAGAATTGGCAAAGATCCAGGATGTTCTCCACACCAATATTTAGTACTCAAGACAGTTTAAtttttttttcttt
>Human| chr5:99946349-99947848 | element 200063 | negative
gtaaatttgggcagcatggcaatttaacagtattaattcttcctattcatgagcatggaatgtttttccatttgtttgtgtcctctgatttgttgagcagtgttttgtaattctcattgtatcggttttcacctccctggttatctctattcttaggtattttattctttttgtggcaattttaaatgagattgtattcctgactcggctgtcggtttggctgtaattggtatacaggaacgctagtgatttttgtacaatgattttgtatcctgaaactttgctgatgttgtttatcagctctaagagctgtggggctgagactttacggttttctaggtataggatgatgttgtctgcaaacagacatacgttggcttcttctcttcctatttagaatgactttttttctttctcttgcctgattcctctggccaggacttgcaatactatggtgaataggaatagtgagagatggcatccatgtcttgggctggttttcaaagggaatgcttatagcttttgcacatgaagtatgatgtttgctgtgagtttttcatagatgactcttattatttccaggtatgctccttcaatacctagtttattgaaatgttttaaacataaaaatatgttgaattttattgaaagtctttcttgcatctatcaaaataatcatgtggtttttgttttcagttctacttatatgatgaatcacgtttattgatttgtgtgtgttgaaccaaccttgcttttagagataaagcctactgattctgctggattagctttttgatgtgctggtcaattctgtttgctagtatttttgttgaggatttctgcaactatattcatcaaaaatattgacctgaagttttcttttgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtttgtctgtctatctgtcaggctttggtattaggatgatgctggtctcatagaatgagttggagaagagtccctcctcctcaaatttttggaatagttttagtgggaatggtatcagcttttctttgtaaattttgtagaatttgggtgtgaatccatctggtcctgagattttttggttggtaagctatttattactgattcaatttcggagtttgttattggtttgttcagaaattcaacttttcctgtttaagtctaggtaaggtgttcaagaatttatcaatttcttctagattttctaatttgtgtccagagaaatgtttctctggcgttagtgatatcatcccctttgctgtttctaattgtgcaacctagaattttctattaagctcatcttttattcaaaagtagaaataaaataaatacatgtataggcaaaacatgattaagagtttcatagatgtgagtagtttaagggaaaaattattaaaggatacatttcaataagaaataaaatgaatccagaagaacagagtggaaagcaggaagaaatgattaaaaaattaattgataaacca
>Human| chr5:166610493-166611992 | element 200064 | negative
ATATTGTGATATCTGAATGTGCCTATCTACCCAGAATCAGGCCAGTAAACATTTGTTGAATAAATGTATCATGTTTAGGTTTCTTGTTGTTTACCAACCCAGCTGTTTGAGTTTCAACTTGGGGACACACTTtttcctcttcagaaaaataagagatcaaccagattattttaaagatttttgccagccctcagattctatgattctgtaaCATATGTATTTTATATATTAATGGCTCACATCCAAGCAAGCCAACTTGCAAAATCAGCAATATGAACCACCTGAGCCGTGAGAAAAAAATGGCCACTTACTGAATTTTTAAGACACATTTCAGATATGGATTTCAGAAGTGGAAATGTACCAATATGATTAATTTACTACAACTACTATGGTAAATCAATTTTAAGTACACACCTAATTTTATACATTAACAGTAATTTTGTAATTTTCTTCTTGACTTAGAAAAAGGACATTTTCTAACATTTATTTTTTGCCTAGAAGCACACATACCTTTGAAACCTCTATATTCAGAAAACATACGTTATTTTTAGATCTATTTTTGGCCACTCAACCTATGTACACAAAATTCACTCAAAAGAACAGATTACTTGGTGTTTTCAAAGAGAATTATACTAATTCCTGTTGTTGAAAACATACTCTTTGAAGATATCCGAGAAAATGAATTCTTAGCTCGGAATATATTTTTGAATCAGAAAATAGGGGGAAGAGCATGAGGTGAGGAATTAAAGTTTATGTTGTTATAACCTAGAATAGGCCATTTCCTTTCAGCCTTTTTTGCCTGATTGCAGCAACGGAGCTGTGCATTTTTCTTGTGACTGAGGCTTGTTAAATGCAAGCAATAGTTAGCATTTATAGAGGACCTTATACCAAGTTAGGAAAGTACAAGAAATACTGAAAATACCGTTTATAAATTACACATAAACATTGTGATGGTAAAAAGTTTTTGTTTTTGTTTTTTGTTGGGGGGTGGAGGGAAGTGTCTCATTTCAACACTATTTCAATATCATGTCAGAGCACTTTAATGGCTGCAGAAGTGATCAGGATCACTTTGCGAGTGTTTGGAATCAGTACAAGCCTGACCCTTATGTGTATATATTCTAATATGTCCTCTTGAACATAGCCCAGCTCTGTGTTAGAAGAGCATTCCTATGCTGACCTACCCAAGAAAGTCAACTCATTTCTCCTTCTTACGCCCTCATCCCATCTGTGCTGCCTGACCTACACTGATCTACTTTGCAGTCCTCAGGCTACCTTTTGGTGACTTCTGCCAAAAGCTGATCTCAAACTGGCCCAGTTGGGTGTAAAGGTGTAGAGCACAAGAGTTAGAACCTAAACCTGGAATTCTATTCTTAGTCTTTAAGGTAAGATGCAGCAGAAAACACTTAGCTTTTCCCAGCCTTGGTTttctcataaggagcacacaacctcgatccctcgcatgtgcagttcacaatgggattcgcgctcctctgagaattt
>Human| chr5:114881332-114882831 | element 200065 | negative
TTTCTAAAGTAGCCTCTAAAAAGCATAAAGGCTACGAGGAATGGTAAACCCTAAGAGCAATGTAAAGTCAATGAGGTCAGGTTCTTGAGCTCTGAGTAATAAATCGGGAACTAAAGCttaaaaggttatatatatgaatgaaaagaattacttcttcatatagtagttgataaacctctggaatttgatgctaaaacctacgttgcattaaactaggatgaaaaagtttaaatgtgtttgggaaataacgcccataatgaatcctgatgagaaaacagaatttttgaaaaTGGACCTTCAATCACTTTGTTTGAGGGAACTTAAGCTCACATAATTCCTTAGTACCACTAGGAGAAATAGAATATTACAGTAGGCAGTCTGACCCTCAGCATATGTAATCCATAACGTTATGTTAGAAGTCATGCAGCACTAAAAACATTTATAAAAAATCACAACTTCATTTTTGTATATTGTAGTGTTGTTCAGAAGTTTATGTAGTTTTGCATAATTGAAATAATTTTCATACAACTATATATTTTGCTTTTCCTTTCTATACTCTAAACGTTTCTTATGTTTTTACAGTCTTAATAATTTTTAAGTATAGCATAGTATTTCCCTTAGGTAGTCAGTATCAGACTACACTCAACATCAGATTCCCAAAACTGAAGTTAAGGTAATTGCCACTGAGAAGAAAATATAAAAGAATAGAGTATAAAGGATAAGATTGACCATCCATAAAAATTAACCAGCCAAGAGGACTGGCTGTTTTATCCCCAGCATATGTCACAGTTCTATACTCTCCCAGGGTACAGATAACAGTGTACAGTGTCCCAACCAAGGCCTAACCTGAGCTGACCTGTCTCTCTCACCTAATTCAATAAGATGTAAACATTCACATCAGCCATCTTCAAACTGAGCTCTGTATCCCTCATGGGATTGTTAAGGGATAGACGGACACTTAGTTTAAAGGCTACCAATTTCTgctgtggctcacacctgtaatcccagaactttcggaggctgagacaggcagattgcttgaacccaagaggtcgagaccagcctggacaacatggtgaaatcccaactccacacacacgcacacacacatgcacgcacacgcacacacacacaaaaaattagtcaggcatggcatgcaggaggctgaggtggcaggatcacctgagctgagctggggagatcaaggctatagtgagccatgatcacaccactgtgctgcagcctgggccacagaaggaaactctgtcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGGCTaccagtttctgaatcttcaatttacacctacgttctttcctaaaattgatctgctggtaaaggaatatggtcaaggtgtctcatttcccaactctttcacaatagctgtatgtttcccaatttgtaaaaggaaagacatttgagaatcttacaggcattgctctgggttataaaaggctcAGCAATCTTTGCCAATTCTTTATAAATTT
>Human| chr5:51348110-51349609 | element 200066 | negative
gaaaatcaaataatttccagaaaaatccccaaatacttggagtctaaacaatattctcctaaatacttaatagtgaaagatgaaattataatcaaaatttgaaaatattactactaaaataaaatttaccacagaaaatattaaattttgtgagatgtaactaacctagcacttggaatgaaatagactaaaatcaaaatctgagtctatgttacgacactagaaatataagagaaaaatcctaaattcaatagaaaaaatactgaaaataagattagaaattgttttaatctgttttgtgctcctataacagaatacctggaactggataatttacacaaaacataaacttattttcccacagttctgaaggctgtgaagtccgagatctgatgagggattttgtctgttcgtttgtttttgctgtgttctcacatggaaggaggtcaagagagaaccaacccactcctacagccccctttttataagggcgtaaatccattcgtgaggatggattgctcatgacctaaacatctaacacttttgcattgggaattaagtttccaacacatgaatccgggggcacatgttcagatcatagcattaataaaataggaaatgagcaaacagtatagaatgcacaaagctgtttatttgaaatgatcaatacaataatcaaacattagccagactgatcaagaaaaaaaatcacattattaatgttcagaggtaaagaatatcactatagttcctgtaactaaaatcttccaacaaaataaacttttgttccagatgttggactatattcagtggtggattttatcacactgtttagcaagaaatgaaattagtccaatctgaactctttcagaaaatagaaggtattgaagacttcttaaataatgtcataaggccgcattaccctcataccataccagataaaaacactataaaaatcaggaaacagcagatatatgtcttatgaaaatatataccatcatccacaagtccagcaaaataagacaataatttacatcatgaccacctagggtttgttgcaggaatgaatattcatttaacatagaaaaataatcaacaaaatttaccatattgattaaaaaagagaaaaacacaacacaatcatgttaaaaaggagacaaaaaatgttgactgtcattgcccatatacaataacatctcttaaaaactaagaatagaagataatttcctcagtttgatgaaaggcacctacaaaagcctacagcttacctgatatctagtggtgaaaaagaccaaatgctttccttctaagatcatgaacaaagaaatgatgtccaatcttgccattcttatttaacatagtactggatgttttagccagttcaaaaaggcaaggaaaagaaaaagcataaagataataaaaaggaataaaacattcatatttatagatgtcatgattatctacataggaaattcaacggaatctgctaaatgtacatct
>Human| chr1:238844215-238845714 | element 200067 | negative
ataaataaataaataaaataaaatagaaaagtacataatcaacctggtagagctaaaaaacacactacaagaatttgataatgcaattgcaagtattaagagcagaatggaccaagccgatgaaagaaactcagaggttgaagactggctttctgcaatatgagagaaacagtcagacaaaaataaagaaaaaagaataaaaaggaatgaacaaaacctttgaggaatatgggattacgtaaagagaacaaatctatgaatcactcatgaccctgaaaaagatgggaggaaatgaagcaacttggaaaacatatttcaggatatcattcatgcggacttccccaacctagctagagaggccgtaattcaaattcaggaaatgcagagaacaccctcaagatacttaacaagaagatgacccctaagacacctaatcatcagattctccaaggttgaaatgaaagaaaaaatgttaaaggcagctagagaaaaaggatagatcgcctacaaaagaaagcccatcagactaacagtgggcctctcagaagaagccctacaagccagaagagatagggggcctatattcaacactcttaaagaaaataaattccaacaaagaattttacatctggccaactaagtttcataagcaaaggagaaataagattcatttcagagaaggaaatgccaagggaattcgtgaccaccagacctgccttacaagagctccagaaggaagcatttaatacggaaagaccattaccagtcattacaaaaacacgcttaagtacacataccagtgtcgctataaagcaaccacacaagtaagacagcataataaccagctagcaatatgatgacaagatcaaatccacacatatcaatactaaccttgaatgtaaaaaagctaaatgccccaattaaaaggcacagagtACggccaggcacagtggctcatgcctgtaatctcagcactttgggaggccataggctcaaaataaagggattgagaaaaatttaccaagcaaatggaatacagaaaaaaaacaagaggttgcaaccttaatttcaggtgaaacaaactttataaaacaaaaatgagaagatagaaaggcattacaaaatagtaaagggttcaagaagaccaacctatcttaaatctacatgcactgaacctgggtacactcagattcagaaagcaagttcttagagatagatacacaaagagagttagattcacacaccataatagtgaaagacttcaacaccccacttacagtattagatcatcaaggcagaaaattacaaagagatttgtaattttaaaaattaccaagagttgagttgaactcaacacgttgccaaatggatctgagcgacatctacagaaatttctactccaaaacaacagaatataccttcttttcattgccacatggtacatactctaaaattaaccgtgcaattggacataagacaatcttcagcaaaccccccaaa
>Human| chr5:116319508-116321007 | element 200068 | negative
gacattgtactagttgagtagaaccagatgaaagaaaatgtctttccgaaaactcttcaaatacatcctgctattgttcctatctgactgtcagtttcagtcacatgcccatccttgaactaatccctgggatgtctggggggtgctgttctcagtggctggcttgagtggacatcctctcatgaggcttagcttcacccaaaacactgcaatcagaagtaggggaagggtgtttctccacaggaaaatgaagatgctaataagaaaaaaaggggaatagaatcctggacggtcagaaatgacagatgtccactacTCATTTTCACATTATTATCCCCCTTGGGCCTTATGCTCTAGTCAGTGATAAAGACATGATTATGAAATAATTTTCTAATTTGCACATTCCTACCTGTTGTTTCCCTTCCACTCCACCAGTTCTTTTCAAAGACTTGATCTCAGAGCTTTCTCCATCTTTACTCTGCATTCTGAAAGCATTGAGAGATTTGCTCATTTTCTGAATTATATTTTGGTAAATGTTCTTAGGTTGTTTTATATATATGtgtgtgtatatatacgtgtgtgtgtgtatatatatatgtatatatatgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtatgaccttttccatatATACTAGAGCAGGGGCTACCTCTTATTTTATTTATGTAAGTATTCAAAGCCCAGGAGATAGGAATCTTCACAGTAAATAGATTATAATTTGTCTGGAAGACAATCATCCTCAGCCTTTTTCCAGGTTACTCAATGAAACTAAAAGGTTGAATTTAGGGAAAGTCATTTATTAGAATGCTTTGTGGTTATATTGGAAGAAAATAATTTGAACCCGCCAAAAGGTATTTGAAAATAATTTGAACCTACCCTTCCATTAAGATACtcattcattcattcattcattcatGCTATGTTTTGTTAAAGATTTTTTGGGCCGTTCCTTAGAAGGTTTCATATTTCTAACTGATGAATGAAGTGCAACTCCACAAAATTCCACCTTTACTCTATCTTTCAACTTCAGTTCCTCTTCTTTTCTTCCTTGATGCTTCTCCCATGCATTATCATTCTTCCTTCCTTTTTTCTTTTTGTCCCACCGCATTACTCCTTTCCCCTTGTAGCATTCCTTCTCCATTTCTTGAGTTAATTAGCACTATAATTAAATTTTATTTGACTACAGCTTTTTAACCAATCCTTAAGAGATAAGTAGCAATAAAAATTATTGAAATTTCTCTGTTATTCCTTTGTCCAGGATAAATTATGTTCACACCAAGTGAGTGGAAAATAGGTATCATTAAGGGCCTttctttttctttttctttttttttttttttgagatggagtctcaggctggagttcagtagctcaatctcagctcactgtaacctctgcctcctgggttcaagcgattctccagcctcagtctcccgagtagctgggattacaggcacccgccatcatgccc
>Human| chr6:135687457-135688956 | element 200069 | negative
tcccttgttctctatcttttggaatagtgtcaggaggattggtaacaattcttctttgaatgtctgatagaattcagctgtgaatccatctagtcctggacttatttttgatggcaaattttttattaccatttcaatctttgtgcttgttattggtctgttcagagtttctatttttatgctgttttatccagaaggatagtatatttccagcaatttatctatctcctctaggttttctgatttgtatgcataaaggctttcacagtagtcttgaacaatcttttgtatttctgtggtttggttgtaatatcccccatttcatttctaattgagcttatttggatcttctctcttcttttcttggttaatctcactaatggtctatcgattttgttaatcttttcaaagaaccagcttttcatttcattcatcttttgtatttttttgttgtttcatttaggtctgctctgatctttgttattttttctcttctgctgggtttgggtttggtttgttcttgtttctctagttccttgaggtgtgaccttagtttgtctgcctgtgctctttcagatgattgtaggcatttacggctatgaactttcctcttagcactgcttttgctgtatcccagcagttttgacaagttgcatcactattatcatccagttcaaagaatttttaaatttccatcttgatttcattgttgacccaatgatcatttgggatcagtttatttaacttccatgtatttacatggttttgagggttccttttggagttccttcatttatgaagcttagttcctctggatacaaaattcttggctgatgattgttttgtttaaggcggctaaagataggaccccaatcccttctagcttctaggatttctgctaagaaatctgctgttaatctgacagattttcctttataggttacctgatgcttttgcctcacagctcttaagattctttccttcatcttgactttagataacctgatgatgtgactaggtgatgatctttttgtgatgaatttcccaggtgttctttgagcttcttatatttggatgtctgtatctctagcaagaccagggacgtttccctagattattccctcaagtatgttttccaaacttttggatttctcttcttccaggaacaccaattattcttagatttggtcatttaacataataccaaacttctgagaggctttgttcattaaaaaaattttttctttgtctttgtcggcttgggtcaattagaaagccttgtctttcagctcttatgttctttcttttacttgtttgagtctattggtaagactttccagtgtattttgcatttccctaaatgtgtccttcatttccagaagttgtgattgttttttttcatgctgcttctctggagatttttccatccatatcctgtatcatttaaaaaatttctttaagttggtattcacctttctctggtgcctccttgagtagcta
>Human| chr6:23876242-23877741 | element 200070 | negative
CTGAATCCCGTTGAGTTCTTTCAGAATAGTAAATCTCCACGTACTGGAAAAAGTGTTATGAAAAGCAGGATGGCAGCCCTGCAGTCAGCCGGTACCAAAGGAAGAAACATGTGGTTTTCCTTTTTTGAGAATGTTCTGAGAACTGACACTTTAACCAGAGATAAGTAAAGGTGAAGTCAAAGGATTTTAATTTTATTAATCACAAATGAGACATCAGCAAAGCTGCAGGTTAGAGAGGAGCAAAAGAGAGCACACACTGGCCCTGTCACTTTAAAATTCCGAAGTTCCTTATGTGGGAAAAGAGAATCTTACTAGACCTTGAGCTTTAAGAGGTTTTTTAATTGAAGAAAATATTTATCCATGGGCAAAAGATTGCTTCCTTTACTATacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacaccacacacCCCATCTTGAACAGGCACTTTCCCATACATATGGTACAACTCATATTTCATTCTAGGGATACCTACTATGTGACAATGTGTTCGGGggccatgagtggcagctcatgcctgtagtctcaacactttaggaggccgaggtgggagggtcacttagttcaggagctcgcgagccagcctgggcaacatggtgagctcctgtctctaaatataaatatataaatATATGTATGTGTGTGTGTGGACatatatatatatatatatatCTCCAGGATCACAGTCTTATGCAGATCAGAGATGACAATCTCTAAAACTTGTCTAGTTTTTCCTATTACAGCATCCATGGAAGACACTACTAGATAGTCAGAGAAAGTATGATCAGCCATCTACTGTCAATGGTCCAAATTGGCACCAAGTTGAAACCCATTTTCAATCCCTATTAtaaacaaaagagccccggcttttaggtcagaggacctgatttctaatgctgactgtataatgctttggccagcctatcaattccccaggcctccttggcatttctggtaaaaaagacattttaactaggtaccctccaaggctactatcagcttaatgatttgtaattctaatatacacagatggttttttaattgccctACTAGAAAATCCATCTCCACTACTATTATGTTTGTTAACATTAATGTATGATATTACACAACTATCATGTAGTTTTTGGCCCACATAACACCACTGCCACCACAAAAACAACCCTTTCAGACAAGCCAATATATTAAAATTCACTAGCCATCTATAACCCACCCCATTTGCATGAGTTAATCAGATTCTTTCTAATTGAAGAGCAAGTCTACACTTCTTTTGCACATTCTCTTTTGTTTTACTAATTACAAATGTAATGCAATCAATTATTTTAACTACAACATCAGAAATTACCATGTATTTATAGAAATCCTGGTCATCAGGAGATTTCTTTCAGAAGATTCTGGAATCTTTATTTTCTAATGACTATCCCCATCTTCCATAATTTTGTACTTATTCCCACTTCTCTGAAAGTATTAGTAACTGGCAG
>Human| chr6:90052321-90053820 | element 200071 | negative
CTATAAGTGATAAATTAAATTTATAAGTAAAAGCTATTTAATCTAGCTTTCATGTTCCATTGAGCTAAAATATTTTATAATAAACACATTAAAAATTTCTGAGTGTTGTTATATATTCATAAGTAACTTACAGGTTTAAATTGGAAATTAATCCTTGAAAGAATAGCAAATTATGATAATTATATAATCAAAAAATTACTATGTTTGGGTTATTTTAACAAATCTTTAAAAATTATCCCTTATAGATGCCTAAGAGCTTATTTATAAAATGGTAATACTAATGTATTtaatgtcatcttacagttaccatgtacttttcagtttacaaaatacttgcacttaagttatgatatttttattcccactgttaccatgaaaacctgcctgggtatatttaaataccctccttttacaaatgagaagactgagAGAGGCCGAGATGTTTATACAAAAAGCCTTGAGTAGCTACGGAGACCCATCAAAAGGCTTCCAAACTGTAAAGTATCTGGGGTTCTTTCCACCTCCCCTCCCTCAGACTCAAGATCTAACCTCggccgggtgcagtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggcgggtggatcacgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctgaccaacatggtgaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagccgggcgtggtggtgggggcctgtaatcccagctattcaggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacctgggaggtagaggttgcagtgagccgagatcacatcactgcactccagcctgggcaacacagtgagactccgcctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGATCTAACCTCAACTTAGCATCTGAGACCCATTTTATAAAGACCACAAAATCCGTTTCTTCTAAAGTGATTTGGAATGGCTAATGAAATATTCATGAAATATGGTGAATAAAACGTCAAACTACATCACACACATCTGTAATGACTCAAAGCAATGAAAAGCaattttaaaaaatttgttttaaatattaaaatCCATATGAAGAACATGGAGATAGAAACTAACCTCTAAAGGCTGCGCATGGTAATGATCTGTTGGATCTTTCAATTCTGCCGCTTCTTTCATTAAACGTTTAACAGCTAAAATAAAATTCATAAAATAGAGATATTTAAAATATACTTTTCTGAATGATTAGCACAGTCTTACGAGCCTAATGAAAAAATGTGTAGAGAACTAGTGCAAATGAGCATATGGCAAAGGTTTAATTATAAGATTATGGGAATAAATAGAGGGGGAGAGGAAGGAAACAGTTGCTAGGCATTAACACTTTAAAAGAGTTATATATTAAATATATAGTGAAGACACTATTTTTATTTAATAAGTACTTATATATActtcctatatggtggtatttattgaagtgcttttacagacattaataactcatttaacccttaatacaacattactagataggtattattt
>Human| chr1:79441312-79442811 | element 200072 | negative
tacatgaattgttatatataagcttttaaacttatgcctcaatagtatgcattTGTCAAAAACACTATAGAGTCACTATTTTGCGCTGGGCAAGGtattataattattattatatatatttCATAGATAATGGAACTAAGAGCAACCTAGTATTTAGAATAAAAGGACTATGCTTATAGTGACAAGAGACACAAAGTTTTGAAACACTTTCTTTTTGGTacagggatcagatttaccctctgaacagaaacaaacatcattagtagcagcaacaaaaacaatcactgccagaaaaaaatacatgaaagggtgactttcaagatactggacaacagtcatcaaaaaacagtaatccctgaaagataagtttaaaaaatgagataaactattaatacatgactgccccagcttactgctttgagagagttcaagaggctatgacttagatagagactgatggattccctgtgctaagtaaatggagttaacagtcccagaagaacaaggtgactagagtttacaggacagaaacaaacaagcaaaaacatgagagaaagaatctagataactgcagaggtccccttgtagattcagcaaagtacaataaataagtgctgcatactacaagtgaggaaagaaccatctgaaagcataatagtgagcaatatctcttgctcatgtagcaacagcttctgttctcacaaacaagatggaaaataggacattgggtagaatgtttaatagaattgggcttcagtaTTTTTTTCACTTGttaaaaattaaatatagatatgaaatattaagaaaacaaaataaaatgaaaaaaaatCCTCTATAAAGTCTTCAACATCTTAGGTGAAAAATAACCTATATGTCTGTTTTAGTTTTTCATTAATTTAgtttttatgctcatgagctacagatggttttatatttttaaatgattacatgttaaataattatatatacataagacctttgattgtgtatggaaaaacttaaaatatttactttctgaatctttataaaaaagtttgccaacgcttgacttagacaaaatggacaaattccataaaaaacacaaacaatcaaagcttgttcaggaagaaataatgtgaacagcactatattttttaagaaattgaacttacaatttaaagccttccaagaaaaaaaaaaaacctccagacccaaatggcttcaatggtgaattttccaaacatttaagaaaaaaatactaactctacataaactctcccaaaatattgaagagaaggaaatcctttccattttatcctatgaagccatcattaacgctggtaccaaaatcagatgaagctagtacaaatctacagaccaatatgcctcatgaacacagagggaagaatcctaaatataattgtaacacttaatccaactatacatacaaagcaccatgactaagttgggtttatctcaagggtgttagcataaaagttaaattatgcttacacccttgag
>Human| chr7:24625359-24626858 | element 200073 | negative
caggctggactgcagtgccgagatctcggctcactacaagctccgcctcctgggttcatgccattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgggactccaggcgcccgccacCTGCCTCTGTTATCTCTTCTAAGAGTGTGCACCACTAATATCTTCTACTCCTACTCTGCCATCTATCTAGTTCCCTTCTCTTTTATCATCCAAACTTGGAGTTCCCTCTTTTGCAAATTATCTCCAAAAAGAGCAACTTAGAATTTGTTACTCTCCAGGGAAATTTTCACTGAAAGCAAGTCTGTTTATATATGTATATACTGGTATTACACAAATAAAAAGATTATATAGTTTATTTGAGGGAAGAAGCAGTTTCTTTGTATTCCCCCAGTCAGGCATCATCCATGAACATAGGCTTTGCTATTTTTTTTTTTAATTGAAGATGTTAGGGGAAAACAAAGTTTAGCCATATTTAATTTTATTTAGCCATATATTTTATTTAGCCATAAAATAAAATACTGCTTTATTTTATCATGTGTGGCAGACTGTAAGTTCTGAGAGAATTCAGAAGAAGAAATGTTCACCTGTGGGGAGAGACTTGCTACTTATTTGCTACTTGATTGAGTTAATTTTGAGATGAGTTCAGGGACTCATTTTAGCTCTAAAATTTTGATTCTGCGTAAGCAAGAAATAGGTCATAAGCTGGGTAAGTATGGAATAACCAAGGAAAAAAAGTAGTCCTTAGATGGGATGAGTAACAAGAGTGAAGGCATTTAGGTGAGAATTAGATATGTGGTTGTGCATATAGGAAGTAAAATGATCAATGTGGTTAGAACAGAGAGTTTATATTAAGGAATAAGAGTGCATTAGGTTGAATAGATGGAAAGCTAGATATTAAGAAGAGAAATTTAAACATACCCAGATGATAGAAAATCATGTTTTTCTAATGCAATCTGGTCATTAAAATGATTTTTTAACATGATTGGTGTGATAGTCTTACGCCTAGTAGATTACAGTGAAGAAGAGAATGGTAGAAGAGGCTTGTGGTAATAATTTAAAAGTGAATTAAGGAGAGCCTGAAAGACAGTGGTGGCAGAGGGAAGGGAGAGTAAAAGATAAATATAAGGACATTGCAAATTCACCATGACAAACCAAATGACATAGGGCGTCTTGAGGTTTTCAAGGAATTCCGAGGCAAAGGCAGTCTCTGGATTTTCAGAGTTTGGAAATTCCCCGCCCGCCCTGCCCCCCAAATTCTAGTATTTTCCCCAAAATAAACCCTGGTCTTGTTTAAAGGAttttttttttgttttttgttttttggttatttttatttttAAATAAGTTGTTATGGCCCCTAGATTTGAGCAAGTTGTTCTCATATTTGACTAAGTTAATACTAAAGGATGGAAAAGTTCTTTAGAGACTACCTACTTCGCTATTAATTTGTCATTTATCCCTGCATTATATACTGTTAAAAACATTGGAAGGACGAAGGACGTTAACTG
>Human| chr7:129291099-129292598 | element 200074 | negative
aaaaatacaaaaatcagctgggcttggtggtgcacttgtaatcctagctacttgggaggctgaggcacgagaattgcttgaacccaggaggcagaggttgctgtgagccaagatcacaccactgccctccagcctgggcaacagagtgagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTGGTTAGAGAGGCCAAAGAATGGGAGAGGGAGAGAGGTGGAAAGAGATGAGGCTCTGGGCAGAAATGGCAAGCCTGTGAAGCAGACAGCCCTATTGATTCATGCTGTGAACTGCATTCTGGAGCAAAGAATTGAAATCCATTATGCCAAGCGCATAGCCTACAAATCCCTTTGAAAAGCAGTTAGGTGCCATCTAATCCCAAATCATTTAAAAATAATTCTGAAGTACCCAGAATTCTAAAATGCCCTAAGCAGTTTGTCTCGAAGAACAGTGAAATGGATGGAAAAATAGCATTTTAATGGTATCTTTCTCTCATATATTATATTCAATTGTGTGACTTAGTGTGTTAAATTGTTTTAGAGTAGTACAAATCTGGGGGCTAGGATATATTCCCTTGGATATTCTGAAACTCACATAAAACAGGATATGGAAGGGTAGCTTATCAGGTAGCTTAAAAATTCTTTTCTAattttgccataatttcagactttgggaaaagttgcaagaatagtacaaagaattctcatgtaccctttacccagattttccaaatgttcacattttacTGTGTTTTCAAAGACCTCAGAAAATTGAAAATTTGATTATCTACATAGAAACAAATCACCTAAAGAATAAAGACATAGCAGGATTAGTTTAAGAGAGCAGTTACTCAGAGGAACAAAGGATTTTAGAATCAAAAGATCTCAAGATGGAGAAAGACTTCTATAGTAGAGTGGGACAAAATAAGAGAAAAATTTTACATAAATAAATAATTATGTTCTTTTACATGCAGCCATAGAGGTCATATTTCTATATCTATGTGGTTGACATTTTTTGGTAAACTCCAGATGTGTAGTGCTGTATACTGTTACATGATAGTCAAATTTTAAATGTGTGTATATGTTCATGTGGGTTTGTATTAATACAAGTAGAGATAGTGTTAGTGTACAACTGAAGCACTCAGCTTTTCAATATACATCAAAATTTAAAATACATATGCCTTTTGACCCAGCAATTTACCTTCAAGAGTTTGTTATTCTTAAAAGaatttattttttaaaataatcaaataatatacaagatttttaataaaGATAATACAGGCTGGTTATATTATTCTCCTGTAAGATTAGTCACTTCTTCCTTTTTTAAAAtttatttttatttatttatttatttgagacggagtctcgctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcgcatctcactgcaagctccgccttccgggttcacgccattctcctacctcagcctcccgagtagctgggactgcaggcgcccgccaccactcccggctaatt
>Human| chr7:3719489-3720988 | element 200075 | negative
aacaaaacatacgcttaccatatgaccctatcggtcacacttcttagcatttatccacagaaatgaagacctgtattgacacaaaaatgcacacgcaaatgttcacagaggctttatttgtaatagtcaaattttagagatttatttgagattagtaaaaaaatcagaaaccactcagatgttcctcagtgggtgaaagagtaaacaagccgtggtgcatccgcagcatggaatcctttgcggcaataaaaggaatgaatgaatgaatgaaccaggcaacgacttggctggatctcaggggcatcatgcttagggaaaaacccaatctccaatctcaaaaggctttagactgtgtgagtccatttatattgcattctcaaaatgactcaattacggagatggagaaaatattaatggtcgcagggagttagagacgtaggagagcttgagaggggaggtgaggggagacggctggatgtgaatttaggtggacagcacaggggatctttgtcgtggtaggacagtctgtgtgttgattgtagtgatggttgtataaatgcgcacgtgataaaactgcataaaactatatgattgtgcacacacaaatgagtacatggaaaaatgatgaaatctaagtgaggtctgggtgttgttccaatgactatgcaggttttgatattgtaccatagttacataaggttttactttgggggaaattagatgaagagtacataagacctttctgtacaattttggtatcttcttatgaattattatttaaaatCTAGTGATTTTAAAATACAGGTTTGCATCTTTTAATTATTGTCAAGTAACTATTTGCATATGAATgtcaagaaatggaacctgtggcatctgagaatccctaggtttgttgtctccagatgcaactcctcttcctcttaaaggcaacagctatcctgacttatgcgttagccactttgtatttcttattatttatttatttatttatttatgtattttttgagatggagtctcgctctgttgccaggctggagttcagtgatgctatcttggctcactgcaacctccacctcccgggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctccggagtagctgggactacaggtgcaccccatcaggtccagctaattttgtgtattttttagtagagatggggtttcgccatgttggccaggatgatctcgatctcctgaccttgtgatccactgcctcagcctcccagagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccgcgcccggctgccactttgtatttctttatagtttcaccatctgagtatgcccccgagtgctatagtttagttttttgactttatgtaaatgaaatctgactgtgtgaatccttgtgtttctaacttctttgaacatagtttttgtagcattcgtatttgttctggaaagcattcgttttcattgctgtttaagattccattgtgtgtacaccccagtgagttcat
>Human| chr7:42724285-42725784 | element 200076 | negative
TTCACATCATTTCCCTTTCATTTCCTTGATACAGTTGGAGGCTAGGCCATTTGTGTAGGGTGCTGGTGAGGACTAGGCAGGGGAGAGAGGAGCATGGTGAAGCCTTGCTTGCTGCTACAGGTTGCTTCCAAGGAGAGGAGAAAGACATTCCAAACAGAACTGTGGGCTCAGCTGCTGCTGCAGACCACCGATGTGCCATGACACTGATCCACACAGGTGTGGGGCTTCTCCAGGAGAGCTCAGATACAGGAGTGGGGACGACCTCCTCTGGATCAGTTTGGGGATTGATCCAGACTTGGGAAATTTTCAGGACAGGCTTTCTAGAGAGATGAGGGTCTAGAGAGAGTACAGGGTGCTGACTACTAGGAGTGAAGGAAAGAGGGGGCTGGAAATGTGTGGTTAGAAGGTTGATGCAAGAGGAGTGAGTGTGAGTTGGAGTGAGAGGTGTGTGAGAATGCAGTGGAGTGATGCCTGGAGTAGCTCTGGTGGTGGTGGATGAGGGAAATTGTAAGAACAGTGCTTAGCATGAATGAGTTTCATGAAGATCAAAATCTCCCAGATAATAGAAGAAATTTAGTTAACGAGGAAGACTATGAATCGGGCACCTCCAACTTCAAGGAATGTAATGAAGCAGCAGGAAGGGGGAAAGCCATTGAAATTGAATACGAGCTTCAAAACAAAGGAGCTTTTGCATAAAAAATTACAGGAGGGATGCAATTATAGTAAAGACAGGGAGGTGAAGTAGAGGATGACTGAAATATTGTGAAGGGAGAAAGGGTTATGTAACCAATGTGAGCCTTCAAGAAAATGTAGCTTATGGGATGCAGACTCTAACCCCACCTGCTCACTGCTGACTGAGTTCCAAAAAAAAGTAAAAAACAAAGGTAGCCTCTTAAGAGTAAATCAGCTTGATGTACACGTTCTTCTTCCTATGTGAACAATTGGTTCCCTGGATCATAAGTCCCCCGTGTTAAGGCAAGTCAGGTTGGTCTTTGGTTTTATGCAGCATCCATCCATCTACTCTATCAGTCAGTCTGAatagagcaccttttctatgccaggtattgtgatgggggctgaggaaattgtttgaaatgaaaatagaagtgacccttccccttatagcaattccggtctagtagaaaagacgtgcatgaagcaaagggtcaccctccaaatgaacaattaccactatgatgagGTCAACCCAGGAGTTACAGGTACAGTGAGAACGTGCGATGTGGGATGGACCTCATAAGAGGAGTTGGGATCATCCTCCCCAGGACACAGCATTTGAGCAACACGTGGGAGCTCATCACAGCAGAGTAGCCTAGGAGCGGTCCAGCGTAGGCAATGGCCCTGTGTGCATGTGTGGGGTGGGGAGTGTGAGCACATCACAAAAGGAAAGAAGGCCAGCGCTCCACAGTCCCAAAACAGCGGGAAGCACAGTGCcaggagagcagacagcaccctggaggccaaataaaaaacctggcatat
>Human| chr9:81438755-81440254 | element 200077 | negative
TTTTCAAACTTGAATGGCTTGACCGCTCCATGCTTGGGCTTCTGTGCTTCAGGCTAGGCAAGGGAAAAAGAAGAGGACATAGGCCTTGGTCATTCAGCTTTAGAACTAACAGAATTGTAGGATTAGGCTTCAGGCTTGAGAGGACAACAATTCAAATTGCAGGGTCTAAGGGCATAGAAATCTCAGGCTTCATTTGAAGCCAAAAGAGATGATTGGGGAGGGTATGGGAATGAGAATGGCATAAATGGGACAATTTGGAGGGAGATCATGTCTGCATGTGTTTCAAGTAGTAACAGAACCACAGAAGAGGAATAAGGAAACGCTATGACTTCAGTGTATCCACAAGTTTGCAGTAACCACATTGCTGGGGAAACAGAGATAATGGTGAGACTTGGGGGAAACCTACTAAGAGCTCCATTCAAGAGTCTCAAGTTGAGAtgtcttagcctgctctgctgccataacaaaacaccatagactgagtggattaaacaacataaatttattttctcacgattctgaaggctggaaaatctaacatcaaggttctggtcaattcagttcttggtgagggctctctttctggcttacagatggccaccttcccactgcgtcctcagatggactttcttcgtgcacatatgtggagaaagagactgagttctctattgtctcctcttataagaacactaatactatcagataagggcccattctcatgatctcatttgaccttaattactttgctagaggcagcatctccaaatacagccacactgggggtcagggcttcaacatatgaatttagcgggaacacaaacatttagtccataacaGGAAAACTAGCATTAATGTAGGGATATACTGTCAGGCATGATAGCAGAAATAGATGTCCTTATTAGACACCTGGGCAGATACTGAAAATAGGGTTGTGACTCTGTGGCCACCTAGGAGTGTCAGGATACTCCACTCTCAGGCAAAGAGGATATTAATTGCTTAAGGCAGCAGCAAGACTAATTCCAGAGCTTAATAGCTGCATGCATTAAATCTCTTTCAGGATTGGTTCATAATAGTGGATGAAGCTGAGAGTCTGAAGACAATGTTGAGTGAATAATCACTAATCTAGTTTAGGACTTGGTTTCACCTAAAGGTTTGAATGTAGGAATAGTATTGCTCTTGGGTATTGATTTCCTATAATCGCTTGGATTTTCTCTCTGTAACTATTTCCTTTGGAGAGTCAGGCCTGATCGCTCATAAGAGTAATCCTCACAAAATTCCAGTGCTTCTGATGGGACTAGATTATAGCTGAATGTTCACTTCTAAGATGGTTATATATGTCAGTGTCTTTTTTTTCTAAATAACGTTTTTCTGTTGTAACAAAAGTAATATATGTTTATTGTAGAAAATTACCTGTAATCTCACCATCTAGTGATATTAACATTGTTCTTGGTCCCTTTCCTTCTGTGTGTATTATTTCTTAGAAATGAGATGGGATCATGC
>Human| chr9:85052051-85053550 | element 200078 | negative
tgacctctggtgatctgcccgccttggcctcccaaagtgctgggatcacaggtgtgagccaccatacctgaccTACCTTTTTTTTGTTTTGTTTTGTTAAGAAACTTGCTTATGTTGTTCTTTATTTTCTTCTTGACTTTTTTTTCCCCAGGTTTCCTTAcagtcatgcgtcacttaatgaggtagatacgttctgagaaatgtgttaggcaattccattgtcatgcaaacatcgtagagtggacttacacagacctagatgtgtagtgtgtacctataaacctggtacacacctagactatatggtataggctattgctcctaggtcacaaactatacagcatgttactctactgaatactctaggcagttgtagtaaaatggtatttgtgtatctaaatatatttaagtatagagaaggtacaatagggccaggcatgatgactcatgcctgcaatctcagcactttgggaggctgaggtgggcaggtcacttgagcccaggaatttgagaccagcctgggcaacatgacaaaaccccttctctaccaaagaatccaaaaaattagctgggtgtggtggtataggcctatagtcccagctacttgggaggatgaggtgggaggatggcttgagcctgggaggtggagtttgcagtgaaacaagattgtgccactgtgctccatcctgggcaacagagccagaccctgtctttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagtacaataaaaattcagtattttactcttatgggaccactgttgtatatgtggtccattttgtcaattgagatgttgttaaatggcacgtgactgTATATCCATTAATAGTAGGTGATTGAGACTGGCTCTCTGAAAACACATCTACACTCACTGTCCCCAGGCCTGGAAtagctcccgtcatgcctttgtgtggattaggggaaggtactcttcctccagcaagtgcagcAGCCTGGTGCAGACCTTGGGCTGTGGTGCCGATCCCTGAGTGCCCCTAACAGGACCCCAGCTCATGCAGCAGCCTTGCTCTGCCCTTTCTTCGGAAGTCTTCTAATGAGATGTGCATGCAGTGCCCCCACTTTTGCCTCTTACAATCACTCAGGAGATGACGGCAGGTGTACTTTCCTGCAGAAATAGAGAGATTGTAATCTTCTCTATTCTTTACTAACTGGCTAATAAGACAAAATGTCATGAACTCAAGAGGGGCCTTCACATTCCAAAAGAACTATCACACGGCTGGGCTGTGAACCAGGTTTGACTCCTCTGTTCTCCTTAAGCTGCTGGAAAACTTCGTGGCCATGAAATGCTTTGGTCATCTTTCATAGTGGCCAACTCTTGGCCATGTGCTTAATGCGAGGAGAACTGGAATTAGGTGGATAATATTTTATGTGAATCAGGAAACTCTTTAGGCATGAAGTTATTATCAAGTCAGCTCTGAATATTCTATAAATATTTATTCTCTCAGAGGAAAATATTACTTCAA
>Human| chr9:34232821-34234320 | element 200079 | negative
CAATGTTGAAAAACAAAATTTATTTTATCAACTGTATTTCATTGTCCACAATGGTTCTGCCTGTAAATTAGCCTCCCAGAGCTGCTCCAGAAAAGAAAACATGGCCCTGTTTGGAGTATATAGCTATCGAGAGTCTCATATAAGAGGCGTTTTCCTTTTATCTGACCCCGTGAATAGATGGTCATGTTCTGGTCTTTCCATGTTGTTCAGTTATGATGGGCAAAGAACCTGTAGGAGATTAAAGCAGCTCCATTGTGTATGGCTTGTGCTCCTGATGATCTTACTCAGAATCCCATGATTTTGTCGGGTTTTCCCCTTTTCATGTAAGTGTTGTGCTGCTTAAGGATTTCCATGTTGTTCTAGAATGTAGTGTTTTTTAAGCTAGAGTAAttctttctcttcttttttttttttttgagacagagtcttgctctgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcgcgatctcggctgactgcaacctccgtctcctgggttcaagcgattctcctgccttagcctcctgagtagctgggtttacaggcatgcaccaccatgcctggccagtttttgtgtttttagtagagacggggtttcaccatgttggtcaggctggGAGTAATTCTTTATATTAATTGAAAATGATTTTTTTCTAAAGTAGAGAATCCTAATCAAGGAGATTCTTTTCTGGGGAGTCtcatccattcagtatttattaaatgctgatgtgtgccaggcaatactgaaggttttgaaaatatgtcattgaataagatagacttaaatacttgccctatatttctttgggaaagagaaacaataaatataattaaaaagtcaatttataatgttagaaggcaataagtgttatggggaaaaggtaaatggtaatatgagagtattgtagtgagggtggggtagtacttttaagtagggcgggtcagggtaagcctcactgagagggtaacatttgagcaaaaacttgaaggagtgagtcatgtgacagaagagtgttccagttagaaggaacagttggtacagagtatttgaggtggattaagcctgtcatctttaaaagcagcagtcaccattacttagtacagtgagccagaggatgactgtaaggagatgagggcagagaggctgtgggtgatgtgagtactttggcttttacactaagtgCCATTGAAAATAAACTCCTAATAAGACTGAATCAGTAGAATTTCCTTCTCAGAGATTTAGGGTCAAGGAAAAGGTAAGCAGTCAGAGAAGGAACTCTGTAACTTCTAGACTTAGGATAGCAAAAATTAATGCATATCCGTTAGACATAAGATTATGGCAAAACAAATAATGAAGTTCTTTGCTGATATTTTCTACTTTATTTTTGATTATAGGGACTTTCAGTTACCTTGATGATGTCCCATTTAAGACAGGAGACAAATTCAAAACACCAGCTAAAGTTGGTCTACCTATTGGCTTCTCCTTGCCTGATTGTTTGCAGG
>Human| chr1:105224857-105226356 | element 200080 | negative
tttgttacataggtaatcatgtgccatggtggtttcctgcacctatcaacccatcacctggatttgaaTTCTTTGAAATAGCAGTGATCTGATAGCTAGATTATGAGAAAATTTAAACCCACTCAAACCTATAGGTCAAGGCAGTAGAAGTCAACAATTGAAAAATGCTTGTACGTCTCAGCTCATTACTTACACATTACAGTCAACACTGATTATAAGAAATATGGAGAGTATTCCTGGTTTCTTTATGTCCAATAGAAAATCCAGTATAGTATTTTCTTAGCAATGAAAAGAAAGTAATCCAAAAATAAATAATAAGGAGATAAAAGCCAACACACTTTTGGAAAAGACAACTGATAGTATATTACCTTTTCAATATAAATTAATAATTATGATGAGTATTAATCCATATTTTATGATACATTTTTACTATCTTCTGTTCTATATGAAGtattttataattaaaataaaaaGAGTGTTACCATTGAAAGCATAGACAAGTAAATGGTACAGAACAGTTCAGATTCAGGTATACACAATAATAACCTAGTATTGGGAAAAGGTTGTGTAATAATCACTAATGAAAGAGAATATTATTCAATACTTGACACTAGCAAAATCAGACACTTAAGATATATATATACACACATATATAATTTTCTTTTTCTTGTGTCCatatgtacatatgtatataattatatataaatatatgtagttttatatgtatatatacacatatgtatacaattatgtataaatatatataattttatatgcacatatggacacaagataaagtatatataattatatacaatttatatatgtgtgtatatacatatatatGCAATTTGATTCTCACTTCACCTCCAGACAATTTCTAAAGAAAACTTAAACTTTCTATAATAGAGCTATTTTATTTTAAATACAAATGCATGCACACACAATAACACAACAAACTTTATCTTATAATACTGAAATACATATACAAACAATAAATAATTAGTTAAATATTCATTTCAGAAGTCACAGAAGAAATTAGAATCTTTATATCTAAGTATCTCACAAACATATCATAAAACTATAAACTCAATAAAACGGGCAATGCAATGCACACAAAATCATAGAGGAATGACAAGTGACTGAGAAATATATTAATACATTTAATCCAACTGTGaataaaataaaataataaaaaCAGCAAGCATAATTTTCAAATGAACTTAAGTATTACTATACTCAACTTTGGCATTCTGTGTTGGATTGGTACCCTCATATTCCTCTGTGAAAATGTAATTTTTAACAGAAGAATATGGAGAATATTATTGTACTGATTTTTATTGAAAATAGTTTTGTTTTTCAATTCTAATTCTACCTTGGGAAACACAAACTAACAGATAATTCAACAAAGGTTTATGTACAAGGAGTGGCTAGAATTGAGGATATGTGACTGAATCCTTAATATTTTGGGGAATTGCAGCAATCTTCCACTTTCTAAAA
>Human| chr9:87165488-87166987 | element 200081 | negative
tttttttttttttttttagacagagtcttgctttgtcacctaggctggagtgcagtggcatgatcttggctcgttgcaacctctgcctcccaggttcaagagattctcatgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggtgtgtgacaccacacctggctaacttgtatttttggtagagacagggttttgccatgttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctggtctcaagcaaggaggcccgcctcggcctcccaaaatgcttgaattacaggcatgagtgactgcacctagccTAATAATAGGAACATTTTAAAGATCTTACATTGTTCTTATTTGGATAAAGATTAATTGTAAACCCTATTTTACTCTACAATTATTTCCAAGTTTCTTAGAAGAAATATAAAAGAGAAAAATATATGTTTCAAAATAACAAAAATTAGTATATTAATTTTGTTAGGTTTGGCTGCAAATTTCTCTTTGTCTAAACCAAATAATGATGGCTTAGACAAGATATGTTTACTTTTTGCTAAGTTCTGGTTGGcatcagagacccaggctctttctattttattgttttatgcttatatgcttatgtggcttttattcccgaggtcaccttatggtctaagatggcttttttttttttgctttttccagcaatcatgtcccaggtagtaggaaggagaaaaagggaggaaaagctacgctgttcctgtaactgcacttttcagacttagttcacatttatttatttattccagttgcacttcactgaccagtatttaaatatgtggccatgtccagctgcaataaaaactggaaacaatagtctttgttctagacaactgggtacaatttgggggttcttttcctgaggaggaagggaaaagtgaatactggaggacaaataggctctttgcATTTATGATTGGGAAttttactgatatatcttcaagcttactgattcttttcttgggctgtgtcctgtctattgataagcccatcacttcatttctgctgtagtattttttatttttagcatttttaaattctttcttagagttttcatcttgcttatactattcatctgttcttgcatgttgtccactttttcctttagagcctttaaaatattaatgatagtttttaaaaaaaattcctggtttggataattctaaaatatctgcctatctgaatctgatgtgatgcttgctttgtttccttagactgtgtttttcttgcctttttgtatgccttgtaattttcgtttgaaaacttgaaatcatatattgagtaataacaactgagttaagtaaacctttcatgtgaaattttatattaacctggctagaagttgtgttgcatttaatattgctgtagctgtaggtttcagaggtttcattttcttctaatgtcctcattttggctcctctcttgtgtttgagattccctgaaaactccctaaatagggttgtgtcttgtagctcttttagctg
>Human| chr9:98649610-98651109 | element 200082 | negative
ACTGAAGGCATAGCTCTAATATAGTATTTGAAAGGTTTATCACAAGAGAAGAGCTCAAATTCATTGAATCAAAATAATTTAGTTTTTAATGGTAGTGTGGTAATTAGCTTTTACAGACACCAAAATCTTAAGGACTACTATTAAGCAGATGCAGTAATATGTCTTACCATATTATTTTATTTTCTCATCTGCTATGCAAAGAAGATAATAGTACTTTTTGAGTAGCAGAGATAGAATTTTGCAAAGCATGAAGACATTCTTTGAATTTTTGTTTCTATATTATTAGATATTACATTATTGAAAATGTCATTACTGAAGGCTGTCTTATTAAAAAGATGTATAGTAAACCTCACTCTTGAGAGAAATGGGATTGCTGATAATTAAAGGTTTCTTAGGTTATTTTCAGTACCTTTTTTGGATAATAAGATCTTCAGTAGATTCAAAACATACTAAAATATGAAGGTTCTTGGGATCTCAAGTCATGTTATTCACTCAGGAATATAGTAATAAAGAGAAAAATAATATTGTCTTTATTTTCATTCATTGAGAAAATGCTATAATATCCAGTGTGGAAGGTTAATTAGCCCCCAGATCCCTGAGCCCTTTTAAGCAGAAACAAAAATGTACTAGTATTTCACAGATAAAATTGTATTTCTTCTTTTGGCATGTAGTTCTGATTTTAGGGGAGAGCTTTGTAAAGATAAGTGAGCTAGACCCCATTTCAAAACAGCACTTTGTGGTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTCAAAGCGAGCAAAAATACTTTTGAAGTGTGGTTCTGAACCACTCTCTCTGTACCTTTGTATCTCCCAGGAAGTTGAAAAATAAGGTAGTAAACATTTTTTTCTTTTTGTTCTGTAAGAAATAGACAATTTTTGCTATGCCTTCCTCTTCTGGTCTAAGGGAAGGTTTATGCCCTTTTTCCCAGCCTCAGATTTACTCAGTATGTCATGAGCTGACTCTGTGAGGAAAGATGACTTATAAAACTGTTGGCTTGACAGAGTTTAGAAAGGAATACATGTAAAAACAGAAAGCTTTCCCAGAGTGATATTTCATTTCTGAAATGCAGTTTTTGGCCTTTCACTATTCTAGAGGTGACTGATTAAAATATTTGTTTTTGTTCTTTTCATCTATAAGCAATTTTAGAACTATTCCACAATAAAACATGTTCTGGCTTTTTCTTTGCAGATAAGTTTTGTAAACCTTCATTGTAAATGTGTCTTTAGTCTTCTGTGAATTAATATTTTGATAGACCTCTACTGGACCACCATAGtgtggtaagatggctagatctccacccaaaatacatatttcctttgccttcttagagtttgggctagctgacagagactgcatttcccaaatctccttgcatgtcagtggagcttgtgactgggttccgccagcagaaataagggtagaagtgatgagtgccatttatagtcctggtccataaaatccacctgtgctgttcttcacattctcccttc
>Human| chr9:115066022-115067521 | element 200083 | negative
agccccagctactcggaaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttgaacctgggaggcagaggttgcagtgagccaagatcacaccactatattccagcctgggcgacagagtgagactccgtctcaaTCAATCAATCAATACTACAggctgggcacagtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggcaggcggatcacttgaggtcgggagttcaagaccagcctggccaacacagtgaaaccctgtctctgctaagaatacaaaaattagccaggtatggtggtgcatgcctgtaatctcagctactcgggaggctgaggcacgagaatcacttgaacccaggaggcagaggttgcagtgagccgagattacaccactgcactccagcctgggcaacagagtcagactctgtcttaggaggaaaaaaaaaaTGTATCCATTTTTAGTACCAGAGTCCAATTGTACAGAATTGTATGGGACATTTATTAAAGTCTCATTTATGGTTAACCTTTCAGAAAAAGAATAAAGCATGTATCTGCCTATGCATTTGAATTTTTCCTGTGAACACTGTGATGAGATTTGTTTAGAGAAAAAAAAGGAAAAATTTTCACTGTAATCACCTTATTTAAGCATCTTTACCTACTTATCCAGTTATCTCAGAATAAATCTATAAATGTGAAATGGCTGGATCATATTTCATTTTGATAAATCATTCATCTTAATATGAATTTTACAAAGTTATAATATGAATCTATGCTCCGCTCTATTATCCTTTTAACTGATAAGCTTTCTCCATGTTGTTAGTCTGTCATTATTCAtttatttatttttgtgagacagagtctcgttctgtcactccggctggactgcagtgggatgatcatagctcactgtagcctcaaccttccaggtcaagcaatcctcacaccttggcctcccatgtagctaggactagaggcatgcatcactttgcctggcTGATTTTTTAATTTTTGTAGACAGAAAAATTTTTTTTATTATACTTTACTCTACTGATTGATCGCTTATTTTTTATTTTTTTGTAGACTCTTGCTATTTTGCCCAGGCTGCATCACAATTATTTTTAGTAGATTATTAAAATTCTATAACAACATCCTTAACTATTCCCCTATTTTAAATTATAGTGTTTTGTCTTTAATATAGCATTTTTTCAGGATAAATATTCAGAAGTGAAACAGACAACTTTTCTTTTTTGAGGAAAAGATAAAACTACAAGAAATCTCAAATTCCTATAGCAAAATGTAGGGTAACTTCGAGTTACTACTGCACTACAGGTGATGACTAAGAAGCATTTTTATTTTTACAGGAGTTTTTCAAATACTGTTAAAATTAGCAAATGACTGCCTTATTTTAATATGGCCCACAGTTtgtgtagtaaaaaacttaccttgtccaaagaaaggtgtggcttttgccctttccttcctagaggtaatctctaagtccttgaaa
>Human| chr10:11830285-11831784 | element 200084 | negative
TAAGCCACTTGCGGCAAACTCAGAATGTGTCCCATGCAGCCTGGTGCACCCGTGGCCAAGTCCTGGCAGCCCTGCATAGGGTGGGCTGCGGGAAGGAGCCATGGGAAGGAGAGGCTCTGGAATAGTCGAAGGACAAGCGAAGAAATCCGACTGTTCTCTCAACCTCACCTATGTTGGCATCGGGGAAATATGTGAACCTGTGACTCCTCAAGCAAtttttatttttattcattcatttgttttggagatagtctggctctgttgcccaggctggagtacagtggcatgatcacagctccctgcagcctcaacctccaagacccaaatgatccccccacctcagtctcctgagtagctaggactacaaacacatgccaccacacctggctaatttttttttttttttgactttttgtagagacaggattttactatattgcccacggtggtctcaaacttttgaatgtaagcaaccctcccacctccgcctcccaaagtgttgggattacaggcattagccatcatgcccagccCTCCTCAAGGAATTGGATATGGGCAGAGAAAACAGAGGGCTTGTTAATTTCAGAAATAAATGATTTAATTGGATTACAATATGTTGAGAGCTAACGCCACATAACACTACACATTAACAATAATTACTTTTGTTGTGATGAGAGAATGATTATGTATTCACCTCATAAAACTTTGTGGAGGGAAGGCGTTGCAGAAAATAAAAAGAAGCATTAAGTCCCTGGAATACTCCTGTCTTCACTTTGGCAGCTCAAATACAAGCCTcagtgcctgtcaaaatttctctctggaaccattcatattagaaccacctggaatgtctcaggcccgctttgctgcagtagaatctctgggtttggagaaatacaggaatttgcatttttaacaaggccctccTTGATGCTTAGTATATCAACACTAAGGAGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATatatatatatatatacacacacacacacgcatatacatatGCTTTCATTTTGCTCTCTGCAATCCTTCATGACATGAACAAGGAAAAAAAAACCTTCCTGTACAGCACAAATTCACATTTAATAATCCTCCTCCAGTTCTGAGTTTGTTTTGTCTAGTCCTAAAGTTGCTTTTAATAAGGGAGTAGCGATCCTAGCCCATTGAGCTTGTTTTTTTAAATGATGCTTTGATTTCTCAGGCAGGCTGGGTTGATGTTACCCTTGGCATCCTCCCAGATAATTTTAGTGTCAATAAAAAAATCTGGGCATCTGCCACCCTCCTTATTTTACCCTTGGATGATGTGAGCAGGATGTCTTAGGATGTCCCCAGCTTCAGACATCTGAACTCAGAGCTGTGTAGAGATCCGTGAGTTTGCACCCTGGCTAGACTTCAAGAGCAACAGGAGAAAATCAAAATGAAAAGTCCATGCAAAGAGGACCTTCACCAAGGACACTTTGAGGTCTCAAGGAGGCTATGAAAGTCAATTTCA
>Human| chr1:93797591-93799090 | element 200085 | negative
cttggtacatagtaggttctcaatacattttACtgaatgaatgaatgaattgatgaatgGCTATCTTGGCTCCCCAACTAGACTGTTAGCCCCCTTGATTGGCCTCAGAGTAACATAGATCCTTAAAATGAACAAATTACAAGACTACTTTGGGGATTGTTTTAAGAAATCCTGTTTAAAAAATAATTGAAATGCTAGCCAAAGTGTTTTTTGATTTTGCTTTAATGATTTTAATTAGTATCCAACATCAATTCTTAATCTGTATACAACAGTTCTGGAGTGACCTGGATAACAATTTGTTTGCTCATACACCTTAAGTACTCCCCAAATAGAATGTATAAAAGTACTAATTTAGATTGGTTTTGTGTAATCTGTGAATAAATAATATTTTACAGCAGTTCTCTGGGTAATGAGAGTCACTCTGTACAGATAGTAGGTATGTACTTAAATATTTATACATTTCCCTCTGAGCTAGTAAGTCATTGACCCTGAAGCTGGAATGAGGCTGGTTTGCACCTTGGAAAACTTAATCGTTCCCATGGTAACACAGAGACTCTTGCCTACCACTTCTTCCCACATCTTTGTTATATTTAAAGCAAGAAATTGTTATTTACTTCATATTTGATATGTTGATACAATTTTCAGGGCACAAATTCCTAACCTCAGCCATTCTTGTGTATAAAATATTGCCATAGTAACAATAAAAAAACTGATTATAAGTAATAACTTATGAACTGAAAAATGATCTGTCAATTCTATAGCATTTTAGAGTTCAAAAAATGTTCCCTCAATTTTGCGACAATTATCAAGATGTTGGGATTAAAAACATATTTAACCAACTAGTGAACTAATGATTCTTACATATTTTGAAAAGACAACTACTAAGTTACTTTACATGtttaaatttaaaatattttttGCTTATCAAAAAATAATTTCTGTTCATTATAGCAAAGTTAGAGAATAAAGACAGGCAAAAAGAACATTTAACAATCCAGTAATCTCCATTTCCCATGGTTATTATGTCTTTTCAGTATCTTTTCAGTGTGTGTATATGTGGAGGTGATGTGGCGATGGTGTTGAAGAGAGAAAGAAAGAAGCTCATCTCCCAATAAATTTTgttctgtattctgattttttaaaacttcatatatgccgggcatggtggctcacgtctgtaatcccagaactttgggaggccgaggcgggcagatcacgaggtcaagagatcaagaccatcctggccaacatggtgaaaccctgtctctactgaaaatacaaaaattagctgggtgttgtggtgcgtgcctgtagttccagctacttgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacctgggaggtggaggttgcagtgagctgagatcgtgtcactgcactccagcctggcgacagagcaagactccgtctaagaaaacaaaacaaaacaaaaacttcatatattatgaacatcttttcaaatatattaactatagtgtc
>Human| chr1:208872785-208874284 | element 200086 | negative
aaatagttccaaaatatgtatctgagaaataacttatatcgagaaggcattaagaactgttacaactcaaaaattagaagacaaaaatattttaaattttaaaaatggggaaagatttgaatagacacttttcaaaaaaagataattcaaatggcaaatgaggtaaaaatggcaaaaaaatgctcaacgtcattaatcattagggaacatgaaactgaaaatgatttttaaagaaaggatgtggtaatttaattgagaaataagaactttatctacaaataattctggaacaactggtccttcctaagaaaacacaagaatttcaaccttagcctctccttgtaaacaaaaactaattcaaaataaaggatagacctagaagtaaaagtaaaattttagaaattccagaagaaaactaattagagaaagagttttgtgacatgttactcaaaaagtataaaacataaaagttggataaattgtaattcattaaaataattaactgctcttccaaagacaccattaataaatggtcaataaacaaatgaaaatatgctcagcatcattcatcacctgaaaaatataagttaaaaccacaaccgtgggctgggtgcagtggctgacacctataatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggtgggcagatcacttgaggtcagcagttcgagaccattctggccaacagggggaaaccccatctctactaaaaatgcaaaagttagccaggtgtggtggtgtatatgtgtggtctctgctactcaggaggctgaggcacaagaattgcttgaacctaaggtggaggttgcagtgagccaagatcatgccactgcactccagcctgggtgatggagtaagaccctgtctcacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacCATAAAAAcccctcacaatggtatactattgtatgcgcattagaatggctacaattttaaaagactggcagatctaattgttgatgaggttgtggagcaacaagaattcacatgcattattggtgggattgtaaagtggtaaaatcacttaaaaaaataaaccgtgaatttctaaaatgatcacaaatataaataccatacaactcagcaatcttattcttagatatatactcaagaaaaatataaacacatatccacaccaaaatttctactcaaatattcacagtggctatattcataatagcccaaaactagaaacaacccaaatgtccttccactgtagtatattcatacaatggaatactgctaagcaataaaaaggaaccaacaatgaatactaatgacgacatggatgcatctcataataattatactgTATCttattattaattattatattaattGTGCTCTGACTTATTATTAAGATACAGACAAGAGTACATAAAATTCCCTTTATATGAAACTCTATAAAAGTCAaatagagaaaaatccaaatattcaaaagtttatcc
>Human| chr10:83460531-83462030 | element 200087 | negative
ccaaatcacataacagaaccaaagacaaaaaccacaggattatctcatagatgcagaaaaggcctttgaaaaaatgcaacatctttttatgttaaaaactctcaagaaactaggtattgatggaacatatctcaaaataataagctacttatgacaaatccaaagccaatatcatattgaatgggcaaaagctggaagcattccctttgaaaaccagtacaagacaaggatgccctctctcaaggcttctattcaacatattattgaaagttctgcccagggcaatcaggcaagagaaagaaataaagtgtatttgcatattaagagcggaagtcaagttgtctctgtttgcagatgacatgattttatatttagaaaagcccatcatctcagcccaaaagtttcttgaactgataagcaacttcagcaaagtctcaggatacaaaatcaatgtacagaaatcacaatcactcctttacactaacaataggcaagcagagagtcaaattataagtgaactcccattcaggattgctacaaagagaataaaatacctaggaatccagctaacaagggatgtgaaggacctcttcaagagaactacaaaccactgctcaaggaaataagagagaacagaaacaaatggaaaataattccatcctcatggataggaagaatccatatagtgaaactggccatactgcccaaagtaatctatagattcaatgttattcccatcaaactaccattgacattctccacagaattagaaaaaattattttaaatctcttatggaatcaaagaagacctcatatagccaagacaatcctaagcaaaaagaacaaagctggaggaatcatgctacttgacttcaaactattctataatgctacagtaaccaaaacagcatggtaatggtaccaaatcagacatatagaccaatggaacagaacagagacctcggaaataacaccacacatctacaaccatctgatcttcgacaaacctgacaaaagcaagtgatggggaaaggatctctattcaggaaatgttgctggaaaaactggccagctgaatgcagaaaacaaactggaccccttccttacagcttatacaaaaattaactcaaaatggattaaagacttaaatgtaaaacctcaaaccataaaaaccctagaagaaaacctaggcaatatcattcaggacataggcatgggcaaagacttcatgacgaaaatgccaaaagcaattgcaacaaaacccaaaattgacaaatgggatctaattaaactaaagagcttctgcatagcaatggaactatcatcagcatgaacaggcaacctacagaatgggggaaatttttgcaatctgtccagctgacaaatgtctaatattccgaatttacaaggaacttaaacatatttgcaagaaaaaaaacaaacaactccatcaaaaagtgagcaaaggatatgaaaagtcactactcaaaagaagacatt
>Human| chr12:30624621-30626120 | element 200088 | negative
ccttgagaaagatactcaacctctctgttcatcggttttccatccataattttaggatgatagggttacaaggatttaagaaattaatacaggtaaagtgctttggacagcatctggcacataagtaggcattcatgaacgttagctgctattCTTATTCTCTTGTAAAGTCAAAGAACTACAATCTCTTTAAATAAACAAACTAGTCCTAATTATTGTTATTTTAAAGTCACTTTATTACCAACTTTGAAGTCCAAACAAGTTTAATAAAAATTAACATAAGGATTGACATGACCCTTTTGGGGAAAAAAATCAACAAAATGTTTTTATAGAATTTAAAAACTGCCTACAATATTAACTGACTactaacaataaaatcataagtcccccaactgactgaatggattccctccggaccaaaggtactccagagaaaccttaaaacctgaattcccagccataacaggatagaaggtcagatatgcctcattatatccctccctttagcagtgtaggcacaacacctgaccatcattaatgttaaaatagaaatcataagactgatggaaaagattctttttggcaataagacaccaaattatatacaggatctaaggccatgccagttaagagtgaagtcatgcaaccctacacataaagaataaactatgctttaatggccactaggtttttcttttttcctagtagctaaataagcattggcctcaagatgaggaatattaagacaattgcagctcatccattgccgaagtttgactaactgacccccaccctgttccatgagccatgactacatctttgatcagacaagagactgatttcagtaactttctcctgataagagactaccaaccatgaactggttctgggcagtttacagaggccacacacgctgagtgtctttgtgtccctgcttcacctttttatgtatacagtctaactgtaataaatttaaatgttaagtctccaccccaaagtgaacataagacatatgtaacctacaggtttgtttagtacacatgcattaggacccccgtcatgaatacttatagctcctcctgtaacctgttgaatatgtacacttagccaactgtttcctgtctcctcctttcctccttggaagtgcctgctatgtctctgctggaggctgtgctgtgtaaggatagccaccctgcaagttgcaaccttttataaaaaacaaagctcttcttttctaaatttataagttgtgtgattttttcagttgacaTAGCAAAGCCAATGTCAAATGCCTTGTGTTGTAGCTTAAGAACTACAAAGTGAACCAACAATTTAAACTTCCACTTGTTGAGGCGCAAAAAAAGAGGAAATTTAGAAAATGGAAAATTTGTTTTCTTATTAAAGTATTATACATCTGGTTATTAAATAATGCTGTTGATCTTTCTATTGTGTTTTTCATATCTGAAAATCAAAGTAAGGAGCATTCTATCAATGTCATAA
>Human| chr13:39494792-39496291 | element 200089 | negative
attgtgtggttgtacaagtctttttgtaggtctagaagttctcattttatgaatgtgggtgctccagtgttgggtgcatatatatttcgaatagttaagtcttcttgttgaattaaaccctttatcattatgtaatgcccttctttgtcctttcttactgttgttggtttaaagtctgctttaccaaagaatcacaacccctgcctttttggtgttctgtttgcataatagctctttcaccaaccctttacttcaagcctataggtgtcattatatgtgagatgggtctcttgaaggcaacaaacagacgggtcttgattttttttcatccagtttgctactctgtaccttttaagtgagggcatttatactgttgacattaaaggttaatattggtttctgaggttttgatcctatggcgaagctgatagctggttgctttgtcatttctattgcatggttattttatgcggtctgtgagctatgtaacttgtgtgtttttgtgttagcaCACAAAACACATGctccacaacaatctctgcaaaggaagggtgggatggctcagcttactggtcctggcaagcaggtgctctgactgcctggagatatgcctgggcatgaagtagagagggccttgctgtaccacaatctctgtacaggaaaggtgtgacaattcaggctgctgaaccaggtgaatggattctctgaatgcctggagagatttgcctgggcttgaaccagggaggactcctctcgcaccaggatctctgcacaaaaaggatggggtggcttaggctattgctccaggaaagtgggtgctccaaatgcctagagttcagcctggggggtggagcaaagagggacccactgtacaacatctcagaggaacaggttggggcacccagcaatggcacatgcagaccagttccaggtcaccaagctggccctggctgcaagtctcattgaacaggagaaactgcagaaccctcttcatcccaaacccaggcatatcaccaggcggctctcttcctatcccagacctgtgatggaggaaaatacaattccagtgcctactactgaggtgctttccacaattaccccagtgtggaaacccctacccttctccagagcaagcatgagaatctctggcccagacgaaaatgcctgaacagccatactgccaggttcccaaagaatgtctgaccctgtactcacccagattaaaaatggtgtcctgctcttggtcctggatctgggaaaatatctgcagttttccttgtgtttccctcccagcatctccaagcctcccctcaagttagctgcagagtttgggagaaacaaaatgctctcccttggcctgggttgctcagatccccagtggaaagacgagtcacagacagaagctctttgcctctctcaggtactggagcttcgctcacttttatcagctggataccatcgcgggggcggtttgcctgcattcttctccctgagatctgg
>Human| chr14:96552014-96553513 | element 200090 | negative
tgactcagaaattgtgtgtcggggagtctgccctaatagataacaatgtgtgtaccatgatgcatgtacatgctaatggatgtacaaggatgttgatcagtgcatcatttatcataggaaaagtggaaattgctaaatctccaacactaggggagtggttaaactgtggcttatgttcatgatagaataatacacaattgttaaaatggaattttgatggccattttgaaacagggattaaaaaacacgtttaaatgtgttttctctctgtctctgtctctctctctcactctgtctctctctctctctgtcacacacacacacacacacacacacagaggaaaaaaagattggaaagaaaaaccatcaaaatgttagcactgattatgtggtgggatcatgattctcattttttatcctgttttatattttcttagggttctatgctaagcatatattatttttaaaattagaagaggaaTGAAGGCATTTTACAACCCATATCGTTATGGAGGAGCCTGGCATGGGGGGAGGGGAATGGCTGGAGGGGTTGCTGTGAGTCCTGGTGAGTCACCAGCTAGCTGTTGGGTGAGTTCCTTGATGCTTTCATAGTAGCGTGGGCATGAGAATGTCTGCCTCAAAAGGCTGCTGTGAACACTGATTTTTATAAATTACCATCAATGATAAAACCACAAAAGCAAAGCCCCATTTTGCAGGTGCAGTAGAGATCGTAGCTTCATGTGGGGTTGTTTGACCAGACCACTTCCCTTTTGCAGGGTACATCTGCCCAAGCCCCCATGGCCCTGGATAATTCTCTCTCTCCTTCTTTGCAGCTGCCCATGATGGGGGGAGCTTTCATGGACTCGCCCAACGAGGACTTCAGCACCGAGTACTCCCTGTTTAACTCCTCTGCCAATGTCCACGCGGCTGCCAATGGCCAGGGCCAGCCGGAAGATCCTCCTCGGTCCTCCAACGACGCCGTCTTGCTATGGATTGCCATCATAGCTACGCTGGGGAACATCGTGGTGGTGGGCGTGGTGTATGCCTTCACCTTCTGAGGACGGCACACCCTGCACCACCATGGGGTGAGGCTTGGCACGTAGCTCTGACTTGCTGTCGGCCTTTGGCTTCTCCTGTGTTCTAGAACCAGGAGTTTTGACCAGGGGCGGCGGCCGTCCTTCTGGAATTTCTCCCCAGCAGCCCTGATTTCAAATATCCCATGTTGTGGTCAAGCTGAGTCAGAAGACATGGAAGTATGGGCCTCCTGCCCCTAGAGGCATGACGGGGCAAGGCCTTCAGAGGGCAGATTGGGGATCCTTGAAACTACATTCCAGGAACATGGGACCAGATGAGACAGCTAGTTAAGTTTAAAACATAGACATGATTTGATGATCGCTTGCTGGTGGTAAATAATCACTCGTGTGTCTTGTTTTTATGCAAACTTATCGAACCTAGGGCGTGGGGTGCTGGGGCAAGAGCAGCCCTCAGAACTTCAGTGTT
>Human| chr14:36269986-36271485 | element 200091 | negative
gatcacttgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctggccaacaaggtaacaacctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagccaggcggggtggcgcatgcctgtagtcccagctactcgggaggctgaggcagaagaacagcttgaacctgggaggcggaggttgcagtgaggcaagattgcgccattgcactccagcctgggcgacgagcgaaactctgtctcctgcgtcccgcctccaaaaataaaaaagaaaatagcaaagaccaaagcagacatcaattaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccacacacacacggaaaaatcaataaaaccaaaagatagttcttttagaagatcaataaaagcgataagactctagtcaggctgatcaggaaaagaaagacaaattatcagacaagaaacgagaaggataacattaccatgggtcctgctatatatatatacacagacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacatttgagatagagtctcgctctgttgccctggctggagtacagtggcataatcttggctcactgcaacctctgcctcctgggttcaggtgattctcctgcctcagcctccctagtagctgggactacaagcatgcgccacaaggtccagctacttttgtatttttagttcacacagggtttcagtatgttggtcaggctggtctcgaactcctgacctctagtgatccacccgccttggcctcccaaagtgctgggattataagcatgagccaccatgcctggacatgaatcctataatattaaaaggataataagagagtataatcaacaatttatacctataaatttgacaacttagatgaaatCTTCTGTTTATACcaacagaaacagaaaaagcattcaataaatccaacatccattcctgatagaaaccctcagccaaccaggaatagaatgaaactctctaaatctgataaagggcatctacaaaaaacctacagttaggatcatattatacagtgaaaaaaatcaatcgattgctttacccctaagatcaagaacaagacaagactgcccactctcattacttctaatctatgtcacattggaggttctagtcacttcagtaaggcaagaaaaagaaataaagggcatccagattagaaaggaagaagtaaaactgtatttgcagactgattctctatgaaaaatatccaaaagaatctacaaaaaactaacagaactggctgggtgctgtggctcacacctgtaatcccaggactttgggaggccaaggcaggtggctcacgaggtcaggagttcgagaccagccttatcaacatggtgaaaccccgtctctactacaaacacaaaaatcagccaggctcagtggtgtgtgcctgtaatcccagccactcagtaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacctgggaggcggaggttgcagtgagctgagatcatgccactgcactccagc
>Human| chr15:90926452-90927951 | element 200092 | negative
cctgggcaggagcacagtggcgggatcacagctcactgcagcctcaactcccaggctcaagcgatcctcccacctcagccttttgggtagcatgccaccacgctgggctaattttttgtattttctgtagagacggggtttttcattttgcccaggctggtcttgaactcctggcctcaagcaatcctctctcctctgcttcccaaagtgctggggggtataggtgtgagccgttgtgcctggccAGCATGTTATTATCTTAATGTCTATTTCTCTGAATCTTGagtttattgactaggaattgggctttgtcattagacaggcctgggtttgagttccagctctgcctcttgctgtgtggcttcaggtaagtaacccagttctccattttcccaagtgtaaaatggacataatgggattattacaaggatcagctgagaaaataaatgtgcaacacttagtatagtAAGGTACCAGTGCAGTTGGTAACTTAACATCTCTGTGGCTTTCACCTCAGACAAACTTTGTAATTAAGTAAAGAAAGCCTTTATGGAATGAACAATTGGATTAATATGTTGGAGTTAAGAAGAAATATTTCggctgggcatggtggctcatgcctataaccccagcacattgggaggccaaggtgggcagatcacttgaggtcaagagttcgagaccagcctggccaacatggcaaaacctcacctccagtaaaaatacaaaaattagccgggtgtggtcgtgtgcgcctgtaagcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggataatcacttgaacttgggaggctgaggttgcagtgagccgaaatcacgccactgcactccagcctgggtgacagagtgaaactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaagaagaaGAAGAAATATTTCACATTTTATGTATTCGCAATGTTTAAGAAAATTTGGCCGACTTGAATGACAGCTTTTTTGTAAATCATTTTAAATGTGTAATTGAGTTAGTTTTAGACTTAGGTTTTTGAGTTGAAAGCTTACTAAGTTTACACATGGAATCAGGCCATCTAAGAGAATGTTAGCTTTGTTATGCTTGTATGTTTATTTATAGGAATTACTAAGTTTTGAAAAAGTTTTAAACAATTGAATGAATTAAAAAGAAAATCTAggccgggcacagtggttcacgcctgtaatccaagcagtttgggaggcagaggtgggtggatcacctgaggtcaggagttcaagaccagcctgggcaacatggtgaaatcccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcgcggtggtgcgtgcctgtaatcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgagcccaggaggcagaggttgcaatgagccaagattgtgccattacactccagcctgtgcgacagagtgagactccgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGTTTTGAAAAAGTTTTATACGATTGAATGAACT
>Human| chr15:45732406-45733905 | element 200093 | negative
TAGCCTATTGCTTATTTGGAGAGTGGGCATACTATTTTAAAAAATAAGGCCAGTggctgggcatggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggctggcagatcacctgaggtcaggacggggttcgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaatcctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgagtgcagtggcatgcacctgtaatcccagctactcggatggctgaggcaggagaattgctggaacctgggaggcagaggttacagtgagccgagatcgtgccattgcactccagcccaggccaacaacagcgagactctgtctcaaaaaaataaaaaaaTAAggccagtcttagtggctcacgtctgtgatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcgggtggatcacctgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaatccccgtccctactgaaaatacaaaaattagccgggcgtgatggtgcatgcctgtaatcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttaagcccagaaggtggaggttgcagtgagccaagattgcgccactgcactccaggctgggcaacagagcgagacttggtctcaaaaacaaaaacaaaaacaaaaaaaaCTCAACTTTTTTGTATTTACATCAAGTAATATATATGATGTTTTCTAAAGTGTGTGATCACAAAGTTGATACTATTCCTTGGTGTATATTAAGGCTCTATTGCTGCAGGCAAGTTAACCTGACTTATAATGTCTTTGGTTATCCCAATTCTCCTTAACAAAAATGAGAAATGGATTTGAGAAATGAACTAACACCACAAGGCAAATGTGACCTATTGTTTGCATATTAATTTGGAGACTATTTCATTGAGTCAACCACTGTATGTTTCCCACATTTTAATTGTGCCAGATTTTTTAAAAAGTAGTGCCATTTGCttttaaaattattatttaaaaattatttaattaaaaaataataatgtttaattacataaaattaaattgagttaaaatagcattttaatttgataattaaaaattactattttaaattgagatgtagtttagatacaataaaatgaacaggcctcagttgttcagtttaaggaagaattttgatggaatagtcatgcaaaactagctgtggaatgtttctatcactccagaaagttctcttgtgGTGCCATTTAAAAGGATGAATTTTATGTGAATTATGTCTCCTCCCCTCACCCCCCACACACAAATTTGACCCACATTTACCTGCTGTGTCACTTCCAGAAATAACAGAGGTTAGCATAATTTTTTAATACCATATAAAGTACCTGACTCttctgtgtgggaaacacatgaagggagaagaaaagacacacacacaatacctttaagggtaaacaacctttatcccatgtaaatggcaatgcagatataataagcaaatgatataataataaaca
>Human| chr17:60430727-60432226 | element 200094 | negative
TTTAAATAGCAGTTTTCTCTTCAGACTATTACTAACATGCTAAATTGACACCCCTACAAATGTAACGGTTAAATGTTTGTTTCATAATCTTACTCTTTGATTTGGGATTTTTCCTGTAGAGACTTATATTATGTAGAGgtttgtttgttttttgtttgtttgtttgtttttttctgaaacggagtctcactcttgttgcccaggctagagtgcaatggcacgatcttggctcactgcaacctccacctcccgggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggattacaggtgtgtgccaccacacccggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccacccacttcggcttcccagagtgtgggattacaggcgtgagccactgcacctggccGGTAATTTTTTTCATAATTTGAAATCATTATTCTCGTCCTAAAATTCTTATATGTTAACAATTCCCATCTTTCCAAAGGAGAAAAAGTTAATGTCAGTAATCTGGGGAATGAGCTGAGGAAAATGGGGCTCGTACTCACTGATGAGGAGCACGAGAAGCTGCTGAAAACTCTGCCAATTCGCAGTGAGTATTTACCACATCCTTTGAGACTTGGATTTAGGGGCTTGTGTGTGAAAACTTCTTAAATTATACATGTATATGCCCAGTAAACCTCCTCTAGAAAACACAGTTATCACACTAAAAGACATCTTggccagacgcggtggctctcagcactttgggaggccgaggtgggtggatcaagaggtcaggagttcgagaacagcctggccaacatggtgaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagccaggcatggtggcatatgcctgtaatcccagctacacaggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacctgggagatggaggttgcagtgagccaagatcatgccactgcacttcagcctgggcgacagagcaagactccgtctctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTCTTGTTGCCTGTTTTTGTTGCTTATATTTTAATACCGAAAGCTAGCAACATCTTTCACCGGGGGTGTCCCACCATCCGGGCTATATTATCCTGTCCCCCTGGGAGCACTGCCTAATCTTATCATGACCGATGAGAAGGAAACCAGGGAAGAAAGAAAAGGAAGGAAAAAGACAGAAATAGGGAAATACTGTATTTTATTCAACCAGTGGATAGATTTATAACAGGGAAAGTGTTCTTTATCTTTGGTTTCATTCTTAAATGTAACAGAGAAGAAACTTCCAAGCAAATTGAAAGGGGTTTTTTTCCCTGAAATTATGGATGTTGTGTTGTCTTTGTGCTGATTTTTTAGTCTTCCCATCATTTAACCCATATTCTGAATTGTGTCTTATCTTACAACTAGTGGAAAGGTATATAAGAATAGATTGCTCAAAGGTGTGAAGGCCC
>Human| chr18:59425945-59427444 | element 200095 | negative
GAAATACCCTGGAAGTAAGTGGCACCACTGGGAGCTGTGGTGCTTGCAAGGCCCTGAGGTATCTCTTTGATGGTCTTAAACAACAGGGCATGATTGCTCAACTTCCCCTCAAAAGCACCACATACCAGAGCCCTAGACACCATTCCTACCCAGAGGCTGGGGCAGTGAAAGAAGTCCTGGTGGATCAAATGGCCGAGGAGATATGGCCCATTGGGAGCATCAAATCTCATCTCTAAGTCCCTGAGCTGAATTTGATATTTTCCATGTTAGCAATTTTTAATATAttgacattcacgatgggcaactcctgagactttctcgtgaaattccactattcataaatactattgataattggcaggccactataggattttccctgtaaaataaaggagaacatGTGgaaccagagccacactaagatgcagatgctagtaagctactctgaatgtacgtgaccaacctccactccccagactcttagggccagagattcagatcatgtctcagaaaattaaactcttaagttgtggctcttcaaggtcatttgctagtagtgcccaagaatagtctagcaaatagtcaaagccaggaaaattaagtctacaaatgccaagggtctaGTCTGTATATTTACATTGGTTGGTCTACTTTGATTAAAATCTAGTAACTAAAGCTCATATAAAGTGAGAATGGAGCATGATGCATTGAAAATATAATGAAATTTGGAGTTAAGTTTTACATATAAGTccttgggcatagcatttggcctccctaagtctttgtttcttcaccagtaatgtagagccaagaaatatctacttctccgtattgttgtgaggataaatgcaacattttatgatgaaacactctaccacaAGGAGAATTTCAGAGCCCAGGAACCACTTTAGAGCTCTTGATAAGCCCCAAGATaacatagtgcctggcatataacagatgtttaataaatgtttgttgaatgaatgaataaatgaatgaatgaatTCCATGATATTGAAAAGTCCTGACAGCATTGTTGTGTTATAAGAGAGTTTATGTAGATCTTAAAAGAGCCCATGTCAAAGGAGAAGCAACCTAGACACTGAAAGGATTTGGACAATTTAAAGTCTGAGATTGTGTTGTAATTCATTTAAATATGCTCTTTCTTCTGCAAAGCTTTAAGGACTTTCCAGGAATTATATCATTAATCATGAATCCTTCTGATAAGAAAAAAAACATACCAGGTACAGCAGCTGCATGGCGGCTAAAGAAGCTGAAGAACAGCCTTCTTACGTTGATTGGCCATCCTGGACCCTGAGCCTTGTGGTGCTCAGAGATTGGCTGTTTCCAGAAATTAGGGATAAAGAATGGCAAAACGTGTCTTTTGGCTATAAATAACCTAACCACATTTCCACTGGCAGGCCATATTCTTATTTCTTCTTCCCTCTTCTGGAGAACAGAAATGGATGTTATCCAATGACTCTTGGTTatacagtttgg
>Human| chr18:73679582-73681081 | element 200096 | negative
ACCTTTTACTACAGACTTGCTATATGTTAACTGTTGCTCTCATTACCTCTTGAATACTCTAAAATTTTATATCCCATTTGCTGATAAATCATACTGTACTTCAAAAACATTTGGCAGAGCTTGTCCTCTTAAAACTTTTTTTTTAAAAAAACACTCAACACTTAAAGGATGCAAAAGTTTACATGTACCTAAAAAACATGAAGCTTACAAATTTTGTTGGAATATTTCCTGAAATAATGTTATTGGACCTTACATTAATGACTTTGGAGAACATCTAGTTTTCATCTTTGATTAGTATTTTCTAAAATATACAGAAATTGTGTTCACATGGAGTTTTACTGCGTCATATCTCTATGTGTTCAGAGTTTCAATCTCTAGATCTTAATCCAGGACTGACATGTCTTCAAGGACATAAACTAATGTGATGCAAAACCAAGTTCAGAGCACACCTCAAACCATTCTTACTGTGTTGAATGCTAACGTTAAGAGTTAACTAAACAGAATGTATATGTGCCGCAATCAATTAAATAGGGAACTTTATAATTAGAAACATTAAAATTTAGGCACTGAACGTCAAAGTGCATTGCAGCTATTACAAACATTTAAAAACCACAGGAAAATAAGACAGCAATTTTTATTCATCTTGTGTGCACTGAGAAGTTCAGGAGAAAGGAAATTCATgttttgtagaaattatcccacttaatcttcccagcactagtctgatgaagagattttcgcccagttttatgaatgaggaagccaagTTTAGGCACTGCCTATAACAGACCATGCTGCCTCCCACACACTGTAGCTCCTTTTGTTTTTGTTACgtgcctgtagtctcagctacttgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttgaacctgggaggcggaggttgcagtgccgagatcacaccattgcactccaacctgggtgacaagagtgaaactccatctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGGGCATTATCTCCAAAGATCAATACTGTCTCAAATGTGAATCTCAGTCTATGATTTTAGCCTTTCAAACAAAAGTCATGGTTCAGCTTCTGGTGTATCCTTACATGATTGGTACTAGCTCCTTTTTGCTAACAGGAAAGAAAAAAATATTCTTTTATGACTTGTCACATTGCCTTCATAGACAAGCAAATAGTCTTAACTTCAATCACATTTACTACATTGGAAAACAGAACGTGCTTGATTTTGTCCTCTGGACATAACCTAAAGACAAACCAATAGTGAAAGTAAGCAACTGCGTGAAGTCCATTGCAATTCACAGCATCCTATCTGTCCAGTATAAAATAATAAACCATTCCTAGAAATATTAGAAGAAACACCATTATTTAATTACCATAAGGCCTTCTGGGACAGAAGTAAAACGTGATTTAGGCAGATGCACACGAGCGGGGGTGAGGGTGGATAGGGGCTGAAAAGGCATTGTACAGATGACACATGAAATGCCAGCAGAACAGAAAGCAAATTGT
>Human| chr18:65735338-65736837 | element 200097 | negative
ATCTTTGAGTGCCATTTTCCTGATGGAATGCTGATGTCACAAAAAAATGTGTTTCTCTGCAATGTCACATTAAATATCATTTCCAAAATCTTTTATAGACTTAGGCCAATATTGAATTGAATGAATGATCAATTTTAGTAATCTAGATAATATCTAAATAGATTAAAGTAATAAAGATAAAATATGCAAAAGCACTAGACCACAATACATCAGTTTTTATTTGTATATTTTTGCCTATTAAAATTATATTTACTTTTACTACATCCCCAATTAAGACAGTAAATTCAATATATGATGTGCTTATAATATGCTAATAAGGTTAATTACATTTTAATGCTGAAATTGAGAATTTTAAATAATATAGATTTCTTGCTATAAATTTGAAAGTGTGTTTTTAAACACACACAAGGGCATGTTAAATTCATTATACCTAAGATATTTAGAAATGGTTAACAGAAAATAATTACTTTAAATGAGGAAACAGTTAATACTTTGGATGAGGAGAGAATCAATTCTTTAAATAAAAAATCTTTAGACTACACAGTCTGCTCTTAACAACAACCaataaaaatatttatttgtttattatatCCAGATTGTAGAGATTTCTTCCCAAGAGAGCCCATTAACACTTCAGTTTTTTTCTGACACTTGAATCAATAAAAAAGTAAAAGAAAACCAGAGAAACAATAGAATATTCACTTTCAGATAAGCTAACTTTCCTAATTATTATCTAAATTTTCTATTATAGTTACTACCAAGTGTTCTTATTTGGGTTAATAATACAGTCCATGCTGTGACCACTTTGTTTCTGGAAGCCTATGTTCATATTTAATTCTCTTTTATCAAGGCTCAAAGTCTTGAACCTCGGGCTCAAATTCAGAAAAATAAATCATTCAAAACACTCTGTAGACCCCTACTATTTTTGGCATTTCCTTGATCATTGGATAGCACAAAGCTCACTCCGTCCGCCAAGAATCCATAATATGAAACTCATGAGTTATAGATGCTAGAAATAATTAGATTAGTTCAATAGTCTCCACCGTTTTAACTGACTTAACATTATTGGAAGAGCATCTCATTTATCAAGTCTATAAATTAATATTATTGAGAGTTCACCACGTCACAAACTCATGACTCCTTGGCTTTATTTTTTAAGTCAAATATTCCCTAAGCATAAAACACATTAAATGTGACTTTTGCAGGGCTGATCTCTGCATACATGTAATGACTTTCCTAGACTTCCTAAATTTCTGAGAAAATTTGTTGTTTTACCACCAAAGAATAATAGGAAAATAATGGCATTAAGTATATCACCAATGAAACTCTCCATTAAATGTGGCAGAAGAATGTGGGAACAGCTGCTGAAAAAGGTGTGGTTTTCTTCAGGTTTTTACATTTTTTGCACATTCCAATTCATAAATAAATACAAAAATTTGGCACAATCTAAGCATTATGAACTCTCCTAAACAACATGTGAAATTTTCCCTTCAAAGCAAA
>Human| chr19:58789559-58791058 | element 200098 | negative
taatcctttttcacaaacccttgtagcagagcacatctccccaaaatctatttttagcccaaatatacacaagcattgtacctagggtgcatacgttcctcttactttcaggaacgtcctactgtctatggggtagctgtttcacaactttactttctcaacaaacttgcttttactttgcactgcggactcgccctgaattttttcttgcgcgagatccaagaaccctcccttggggtctgaatcggacccctttcctgtaacaCAACCACCGCTCCCAGCCTCCCCGCTTCCAGCCGCTAAGCCCAAAGTCTTTTATATGAACAAACCTCTAACTCGTCCTGTGACTTTGATGCGTGTGCGTTTTAGGCACCGGGGAGCAGAGGGTAAAGCGGCGCAGCTCCGGGCCTCCTCCCGCGCAAGTTCCCGAGAAGAGCAGGTCCGGCCCGCGCAGACGTGCACGGTCCCCAGCCATTAGGAGGAGCAGACGGTCCCCACCCCCACAATCAGTCATCTCTCGGGGTCCGCCCTTGCTTCCTGCCCACGAGTGAGGCCTCTGGTTGCCCGCAACCTAAGGGGCATCGCAGCCCCGAGCAACACCGCCCCCACCAGCCTTAGCTGAGTGCTCCCATTGGCCAGAGGCCAGCGGGTGGGGGCTCCCATTGGCCATCGGCCATAATGCTTCCATTGGTCGAAGGCCAGACCAGCGGAGACTCCCATTGGCCGAGGGCTGTGGTTCGCCGCACGGCCTACTGGGAGTTGTAGTCGCCGCGTCGCCGGTGCGGCCGCCATTGTCCGGCGTTCGGCGAGTCGGGTGGTCCCTTTGGCTGGAGTGCCTCTCTGGTCTGGGGATCACCTCAGGCGCTGTCCTTCACTGGGCGATCCAGCATGGACCCCGAGGACGAAGGGGTAGCGGGAGTGATGTCTGTGGGGCCGCCGGCGGCCCGGCTTCAGGTAACAATAACAACAATAACGACGGCGGCGGGCTCCGGGCAAGCGTCTCCCGCGCAGACTGACCCTTTCACCTCGCGGCGCGATGAGAGCGGCACCGCTGTTAATGCCCTTGACACGTGGGGAAACTCAGACGCGGGTCGGGGCGTGGTGACCGTCCTGGCTGGTCAGAGAGGGGGCCGGGATTCCAACCAGGCGCCTGGCCCCCGAATGCGCATGCTCCACGCGGCTCTGTCCTCCCCAGGGCTGGGGTCGGTCATTCCCGAGAGAATCGAGCAGGCCCATCTCCTGCGTTCTGCTCCGCCCCGCCGACACCCTTGCCCATTCCAGGAAGGTCTGTCCTCGTGTTGACTGATAACAGTAATTGTAGCGTTGGCCGGGTGCCCAGATGGCAAGAATCATCGAATAGAGATGCTTTAACGCGTGGAGTCAGCGGACACCCACCGGGACCCCAGCACCGCGGAGCCCCTGCCCTGGGGCTTGGGCACAACCTCTTGGGGGCAATGATGGGTCACCACGCACTGAGTGTGATGAGAGTGACCACCAGGG
>Human| chr19:7672442-7673941 | element 200099 | negative
CTTCCTCTGCATCCTCTCCCCAAGCTGGGGGCCTGGGTCTTTTGTGGGAGGAGGATTCCCCGCATAAGAGGGGGTTCCTACTCTGTGGGGTCCCTTGGGGCTGGGAGGAGCTGGGGTTCGCGAAGCCGGCCAGAGCAGTCAGGGAGCTGGACGGCCGGGGCTCAGGACCAGGGTCAGGGCTACCCCCTCCCCCCCAAGGTGGGCTTGGGGGCCCAGCAGGTCAGCACCCCTCCCCCTTGCTGATGGCTGCTCCTCTCCCCCCAGCACGCAATTGCCTTCTGTTTGAAGGAGTCGGGGAGCAAACCCCCCATGGTAATGTATCCCCCGCCCCGGGGTCCCAGGAGTCCCTGTCCCCAGCCCCCGCTGCTGGCCTGGCTGCTCGAAGACATCTCCTCTGCCTCTTGCTGCTGCCCCTCCCCTGCTCCAGGCTGGCCCCCCAACTCTGTCTCTGGGACCCCCAGCTTCCCGCCCCCTCATGGCGGAAACCCCAGGCCTCCCTGCCCAGCCTGCATGACCGCTGACCCTGGGGGCCAGCCTGGCCACTCACCTGACCTGGCTCCCATCTGCAGATCCGATACCGCAAGGACCGTGTGGTGGCGCGACGTGCCCCCTGCTTCCCGACGGTGACCAGCCTCCAGGACCTGGCCAGTGGGGCCGCGCTGGCCGCCACCATCCACTGCTATTGTCCCCAGCTGCTTCGACTTGAGGGTGAGTAAATGGATGTGGAACAGATCTTGTGCCGGGGAGCTGGGCATCCTAAGTCCCAGCCCCTAGACCCTCCATCCCCAGGTCCGCGAGACCAGCAACGATGCagtggtcatgagggcagcttccggaactggcaggcctgagtttgtgtctctctcttccccaatgagctttgtgacctcacacaagtatataaacctctctgtgcttcCAGGAGttcattcctgcagcagatgaaacgtatggagtgtggactgtgtgccagaccttgttttaggcactggggatccagccagaatagagacacactccccacttcacagacggctctagctgggagagaaagatactaagtttatccaaaagtacttttttttttttttttttgagacgggagtcttgctctgttgcccaggctggagtgtaatggcatgatctcggctcactgcaacctccacctcccaggttcaagccattctcctgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgggactacagccacacgccaccacgcctggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagacgggtttcaccgtgttggccaggctggtgtcgaattcctgacctcaagtgatctgcctaccttggcctccctaagtgctgggattgcaagtgtgaaccactgcacccggcccagaagtactttttgcatactgggtagtcctaaaggcaatgggtggtcagaaaaaGCtttttttaaaaaaactcttttttcttttttattaaaaaaaaaattataGggctgggtgtggtggct
>Human| chr2:39108494-39109993 | element 200100 | negative
AGATGATAGACTTATATTTGTACATTTTTTAAAGGTTCTTGGGAAACTGAAGATTAGTTTCTAAGGTAATTTCCTTTGTTACAAACAGATGAATGGTTTTGGAAGACTTGAGCATTTTTCAGGAGCAGTATATGAAGGACAATTTAAGGATAATATGTTTCATGGACTGGGGACTTACACATTCCCAAATGGGGCAAAGTATACTGGAAATTTCAATGAAAATAGGTAAGCTTAAAATAAAAAAAAATCACTGCATTTCTAAAAGATTATTTTCTGGTATGTTTGCTTAAAtacttatttatttatttatttattgagacagagtctccctctgtcatccaggcaggagtgcagtggagtgatctcggctcactgcaacctctgcctcccgggttcaagcgattctcttgcctcagccacccaagtagctgggtccacagatgtgcactaccacacccagctattttttgtattttcagtagggacggggtttcaccgtgttgagcaggctggtctagaactcctgacctcaagtgatctgcctgcctcggcctctcagagtgctgagattacaggcgtgagccactgtgcccagcTGCTTAAATACTATATTTAGTTAATTCTAAATATTCTTTTATGATATAGTTTCTAAAAATTGTTGGAGGCCAGGTGCGGTGGCAcagcacctcaaacatcattgatagtgaaaaaatatttgttgaataagtgaaGTAATTAAGCTAGATAACCGATATAAACTTTTCATTTTTTTAACTCATTGTTTTGGTTTTGTGTGAACCTAGATTATGTGATCCTAAAATCTTGGACACCAAATAATTGTTTGTTTTTGTTTGGAATAGTATGTGGtttttttttttttttttttggtttgtttgtttttttGGTAGGATATGAAAGCAGGATGCTGGGTTTAAAAGCAAAGCTTGAAAGTAGAGGATATAATCTTCAGACATAGTATATATTATGCTAGAAAATCTTATATCTGGACTGTAAATTATTCATCTTTGTTAATGGAAAACTTATTTTCTACTATTGCAGGGTGGAAGGTGAAGGGGAATATACTGATATCCAAGGACTAGAATGGAGTGGTAACTTTCATTTTACAGCTGCTCCAGACCTGAAATTAAAGCTTCACATGTAGATGTGATGTTAAATTAAAGTTGAAATGTAGTAATTGAAGCTTTTAGTTGTAAGGAAAGCAACTTAATCTGTTATTTGAAATGACTTCATACACTACCCCTATAAGTTTGCCAATAAAACCATCACCTGCTTACACCTTTTTGAACTTTATATTCATTGTCTTACAATTAGTTTAAAATAAATGACATGATTCAATTCAGTCTGCTTATTATAATAACTATGGCAGAAGCATCCAAATCTTGGCAAAGTTGATTTCCAATCCTCTGTTTGAGTTTTGTCATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTCTAGTTTGTGCTTGTGTGTCCTGGTCAACATCCGACCTCTTTA
>Human| chr2:62690561-62692060 | element 200101 | negative
caggcaagatctgctggtggatctaaattcagtggacaggagttagagaagaaataggctattcatagtctcaaagtatctccctcagggtgcttaccagttatgaaaagaaaaacaataattttactatggagaatcctaccagataccaccttaatcaagtgatcaaggttgacacaacctgtagtaagacaaatcagcatgaggtaccTGCTAGtgatagggacaggaggcagagaaattctaggcagaaaagagcgggtcccagcgaaaaccccaccctcaagctgaaaagcctgaaaccatggcccaaagtgagaatttctattcctgttttcccactcaaatgttgcgttttcctaaatcacccatggccctgccccaccccatcctgtgcctataaaaactccagactcagctggcagagaggagaagcagcgggacatcaggactatggctggacgtcagagagaagcagcttaacttcagaggtgcagcttgatggtgtaacttaggagaagaatctgactggagacggccagacttcagaagaagatgacctacccccccatccccttttcagcttcccttcccgctgagagccacttttattggcaataaaatcctccacatttaccacctttcaatgtgttcatgtgacttcattattcctggacaccggacaagagctcaggggccacaggtgtggatatgaaaggctgccacactggccctttgccctcactggtggagggcagctgccccatgcgacgaggtaaagggcccactgagctgttaaaacttaagctgtctgtggacagcagagctaaaagagcactgtaacacgccctgtggggcttttgggggtcacagcccccatctggatgctgctgcagggccctcctactggcaccaaagcagccggcagttccagcactcgtgcactccagttcccacctcattcacttgtgtgctacctcctgtgaggagttgagcgcagcgggctgagtaaacaaggcacccctgtcacgagtcccacagaggggtcagggaagtatcctgcttcaTCAGtatgacataccgagaaagacaaaacttcacttctgtggtattcttgccaaaagtgcataacctccatctaactgtaactgcccaatgggttcaccttgcctgctgcctagacagagccgatttatcaagacagggaaattgcaacagagaaagtgtaattcacgtacagccggctgtgtgggagactggagttttattattattcaaatccgtctcccggagcattcagggatcggagtttttaaggataatttggtggacaggggtcagtgagtcaggagtgttaattggttgggccagagatgaaatcatagggagttgaagctatcttcttgtgctgagtcagttcctgagtggggtagatcaagtgaggcagtttattgatctgggtggtgccagctgatccatcaagggcagggtctgcaaata
>Human| chr2:50998291-50999790 | element 200102 | negative
AAGGATGATGGTCATAGATTACATGGAGAAACAACTAATGTCAGAACAAGAAATCTTATGATCATCATTTGACCTCTACCACCCATTCCCCATGCCAGTCACTCTATATATTACCGTCAGGATTATTCTCCCAAAACGCAAAATCATAACACTATTCAACTGCTTGAGAACTTACaataaaaaaaaataaattattCATTGCAATTATCTTTGTCTTCAAGCAACTTAACAATTTGGTTGCCTAGATAGAAATAACACATGATACTTTTTATAAAATAGGAATTGAGAGAAAAGTCAGGACAGTGTGAGCTAAACTGTCAGTAGAAGCTGCCTAATGAAGGAGGGACTGGAACCAGGTCTATTTATTTGAAAGAATAAATAGTAGAGGAGGACCATTCCAGGACAGGTAAGAAACAAGCAAAAACACAGAGGTGAGAATTTGAATAGTACATTAGAATAGATACAAAGATACATTTGGAGATGGGTTGCGGGTAAGAATACCAGTTTTGGCTGGAATCTTGGAAGTCTGAGGCATTTTCCGTGAAGGAAGTATTTAAAAGGATGCTACGAGTTTCCAGGAATATTCATGAAGTGCTACTGGTGAAATAGATAGCATTTGTGATGAACCTAGGGACACACTGattcattcatttggtaagtgtttttggaacacctgctatgtcctaaccactagagataaagcagtagacagaattcctgccctaataaaacttatcaggggtgagagtacacaaatgataacaaaacagataagttagtatataataaaaggtcaagtgccatagCAGGTAAGGGTCTAAAGAATGGGAGAATGTATTCTAAAATATTAAAACTTTACCGTCTCCCAAAATATCTAGTACAGACATGGGCATGCAATAGAAATACCAGGTGACTGGAGTACTGCCTGCTGAATACAAGTCCTGGGGTTATGGGATACAGATTTTCTCCTAATAAAACCTGAAACAATCAATCAGAACTCTATGAGGTCTCCGATGTGCTTGCCTAACACATAAAAATGCCTGGGCGCAACCCAACCTCACCTAAAATGGGAGGATATCTGGGATAGGCTCCTGCAGCATACAAAGTTGGATATATTGCAGGGTTTTCGAAATTCTTTCCACATTATCTAGGATGAGCTGCTGATAATAAACAAAAAGTTTTCATTAAATATTTGTTAGATAATATGCCTATGACTGCTAGGTGCTATAAAGATTAAAATAATAAAAGATGGTCATGGCATTGCCTTTCTTAAAAAAAAATCAAACATAAAAGTAAACTTAAAAGTCAGGAAAAGATAAGTACAGTAATGACATCAAAATGAGCTTGGTTTTACAAAAAAAAAATTGTACAAAGGAGTTCAGGAGCTCCTGTGATATATGAAACTTGAAAAAAGGAAGGCCACTTATATAAATGCTTGTGTTTTCTTGAGTCTTTGAGATATTTAAATTCTATGGGAGCAAGCATTATGAATGTGATTTT
>Human| chr2:229938474-229939973 | element 200103 | negative
ATTTTTCTCATTTAGGGCAATTATGAAGAAAGCCGGGGCATTTAGGTTCTCAAAGATTTTGGCTACTGGGAATAAACCTGAAACAAAATAAGTTTCTATTAAAATGAACTTTACTTTCTTATTTTAGAGGCCGCACAATGGTCCAGGGAAATCAGTATGTATAAATACACATAAACAATGTCATTGCCACACAGTTGTAAGAAATGGTATGTTTTCCCATCCTGGGGCCATACTTACCTCCCTGCATCATCCAAGTTAAATGTATTCTTGTAAAACTCCCTCAAAATAGAAATCATTAAAGCATAAGTCAAACGGCTTACAAACTGACAAACTGTCAGATTTACATTTAGGTTTTACAGGACTTGTAAAATGGCAAGTCAGATGGTAAACCTGTTTATGAAGACAGCACAAGAAGCTTCAACAAATGCCACAATCTGTTCCGTTAATGATGTTTAAGATATTTGATTTCTGTCAACAGATACCCACTCCTCTAGGTTTTCTGGGAAAGAGACCTGTCCCCAAAAATCCAGAGCAAAATATACTTCAAGAAATTAACATTACTTAAAAAAAAAGATAATAATAAAAGAAGGATGCAGCCGCAACAATAAGATAGATTTAAAATGGAGACAAACAGAAATGAGGAAAAGGGAAGAAGAGAGGGAAGAAGGGAGAACAAGTCAACTAAAGCAACATCAAAATACATAGGGGATTTTAGTAATGCTTTTAAATGTAGTATTCTTAATTAGTAAAACTAATACACAATTGTGCAAGGAAATAATGACTTTAGGAGATGGTAATACTTTTATTGATTAAATACTATCTCATGATTCTTCATAATTCTTCAGTCAGGTGTGCCTAAATAAATCCTAAGTGTTAAAAGACACTTATCTATATTTAAATAGTTTAGGTAGAAATGAGTTAATTAGCCTGGTCTAAAATATGTCTCAAATATCAAATAGATTTCAGAAATATAATTTTGATCATAAACTACATAAATAAATTATGACAGATACCTTATTTCCTTTAAATGATCAACGGCCTATAAATTGATGGCAAAATATATTTCAGATTTCAAGGTGATTTGAGCTTGCTGTTGAGAAAGTTTTAAAAATGCGGGGACAAAACTAGTTCGACCAATATTACATATTTTTTCTCTCCAGGTAGCTAAAAGTGTAGAATTTGTAGTTATGTAATATACAGGgctccctgacttacaatggggttgcatttctatcaacccaccatatggtgaaaaatattgttaaatcaaaaatgcatttaatacacttaacctaccaaacatcatcacctagcctaccataaatgtgctcagaacacttgcattagtttacagttgggcaaaagaatctaacacaaagcctattttaaaaataaagtattgaatatttcatgtacgaggaacgtaacgcataatgctaccccaggaaaaggtcaaaattcaaaattcaaagtatgcatttctactgaatgcttatcatt
>Human| chr2:189481225-189482724 | element 200104 | negative
gggcctacctctccttttagatctaataataatttttctttccttttttttttttttttgttgttgttgttgagacggagtctcgctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcgccatctcggctcactgcaagctccgcctcctgggttcatgccattcttctgcctcagcatcccgagtagctgggactacaggcgcccgccaccacgcccggctaatttttttgtatttttagtagagacaaggtttcaccgtgttagccaggatggtctctatcccctgaccttgtgagctgcctgccttggcctcccTCttttttcttttttcttagagacagggcatcactctatcaaactggctggggtgcagtggcatgatcatagcttacagtaacctcaaactcctaggctcaagtgatcctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtaactaggactataggcatgtaccaccacacccagctatttttttatttttacttttttatagaggcaaggctcactatgttgtccaggctggtattaaacgcctatgctcaagtaatcctgcctcaacctccagaaatgctgagattacaggtatgagccaagatcttgcctggccaagatctaataatattgtctttatatatttgggtgctccagtgttgggtgcatatatatttacaatgattatatcctcttgctgaattgattcatttttcattacataatgaccttatttgtctctttgtgtagttttgacttgaagtctattttatttgatattaagtatggctacttctgcttgcttttggtttctgtttgcttggactgtcctttttcaacccatcactttcaatctatgtgtgtctctgaaggtgaaaggagtttcttgtaggcaacctatagttgggtcttatttcttttttaaaaaactcattcacccagtctatatcttttaattgagaagtttaatctatttatagtcaaagttattaatgataggtgagggctcactcctatcattttgttaattgttttttggttgttttgtacatccttttatttttttcttactctattgtttattttcacaatttgttttttgttgttctggtaaagtttgcttcctttccctttctcatttgtgtatctgttctatcaatgaatttcatactttcatgtatttgcataatggtagttattgtccttttgcttccaaatgtaggacttcttgaagcatgtcttgtaagattggtctagtggtgataaactctttcagtttttgcttgcctgggacttaatttctccttcatttctgaagctttggtgggcataataatcttggctatttgtgttttctttcagcactttgaatatataatgtcattcttttctagtctagtaaggtttctgctgagaaatctgtcagtctaatggagattacttagtatgggacttgactcttttctattactacttttttatttctccttttatctt
>Human| chr1:81549554-81551053 | element 200105 | negative
agaatgtgagctcattctttttatagctgcatagtattccatggtatatatttacattttctttattcagtctaccactgatggacattttggttgattccatgtctgctattgtgaacagtgctgcaaggaacatatgcatgcatgtgtcttatggtagaacgatttatattccattgggtacatacccagtaatgggatggctgagtagaaaggtaattttgtttttagcttttgagcaatcacaacacggctttccataatggttgaactaatttacactcccaccaacagtatataagcatatcattttctccacaacctgttatagtcagcattttttgttttttcttgactttttaataacagtcattctgactggtgtgagatggtatctcatggtagcttttatttgtattctgtaataatcagtaatgttgagcttctttccatatgcttgttggccacatgtatgtcttcttttaaaaagtgtccttcatgtcatttgcccactttttaatgggattgtttttttcttgtaaatttttttaacttccttttagatgctggatattagacctttgtcagatacatagtttgcaaaaaaaaaattctcccattctgtaggtcctctatttatttggttgatagtttattttgttgtgcagaagctttttagtttaactagattccatttgtcaatttttgcttttgttgcaattgcttttggcatcttcatcatgaaatatttgtctgttcctatgttcagaatggtattgcctatgttgtcttccagggtttttatagttttggtttttacatttaagtatttagtccatcttaagttgattttcatatatggtataaggaaggtgccaaatttcaatcttcggcatatggctagccagttatctcagcaccatttgcagaatagggagtcctttcctcattgcttgtttctgtcagctttgtcaaagctcagatggttgtagctgtgtggccttatttctgaactctctactatgttccattggtctatgtgtctgtttttgtaacagtacaatattgttttggtttctgtagccctgaagtatagtttgaagtagggcagtgtgatgcctccagctgtgttcttttgcttaggattgccttattcagactcttttttgtttctatatgaattttaatatagttttttttctagttctgtaaagaatttcattggtagtttgataTTTTCAGAGGAAAGAAAGAAGAAAGCAAAACCCATAGAACCAAACATAAAAGCATTATGTAAGGTGATAGAACAAAGTGACCAAAGTTAATTTATATAGATTAAATGTATACATTAAAATTTAGACGTTTGAGgtgtgtgtgtttgtgtgtgtgttgtgtgtgtgtgtgtTTACTCAAGTTATGTCCTACATCCTACATcatagcaaaacaaaaaatagagggatggaaaaattttcaatgggtatattattcaaaaaaaaaacc
>Human| chr2:35467652-35469151 | element 200106 | negative
atggcattctagaccattaattttttgtaatttaacccaacacatttaaaagaattggaatcacacacagtatgttctttgaccaaaataaagttgagctgggaattaataataaaacgatatccagaaatgtccaaaatatttagaaattaaacaactgaattctacataacccataagccaaaatcaaaatcacaagagaaactggaaaacattttagattaaatgggaatgaaatcacaacaaatcaaaatttgggaattgcagataaaataatgtgaaaatggaattcatagcattaaatgcttatcttagaaacaaaaaaaatcaaataatgacataagattctgtatttagaaatgagaaaagaaaaacaaaatcaatgcagcacaataaagaaaatattaaagataaacaagaaatcaatgaaattgaaatcaaagatacagtggagaaaatcaataaatctaatgaatctctagattttaattattacaaaagtggagacattcagattaccaatatcagaaatggcagaggagatattactatagaacctgtggacattaacaggacaataaaaaaaaatttaaactatgtgccaacgagtgcataatcttatataaaatgaacaaattacttgaaaaagaaactaacaatactcactggaaaatgaggaatatttggaacaatcataaaattattaaggtaataaattttagttaagaatctcctaacaactacacaacaaacaataatcagacaaaactttctggaaggaaattctgtcagtctttcaaggaagaaacaatatcacatttttcaaaaaagcttgcataaagttatattgaaaattataactttcatcacattttaggaagccagcattatcctgatagaaaatgtaacagacattaaaataaaagaaaatttaagtctgatattttccaaaaatttagacaacagcaacaacaagaaaaactcctcaacataataatactacatagaagctataaaggtatgaaaaagatagtaatgaccaagtggtgtttgcattgggagtgcaagcatttttcaacatccaaaactcaatcaatgtagtttgttttcaacagcttaagaagagaagtcatatcaccatgtcagtagatgcacaaaagcaattgacaacattcaacacccaatcataattaagaatgctaagtagcattgaaatgtaagaacaaattataaacctgataaagatcattttaaaagaaaacctacaTCtctgatggttttataagtagctcttccctcttcacttgccacttctccttcttgccaccttgtgaagacgacgccttgcttccccttcacctttcaccatgattgtaagttttctgaggtctccccagccatgctgaactgtgagtcaattaaatctctccttttttaaaaaataaattacccagacatgggcagttctttataacagcatgagaataaactaatacaGGC
>Human| chr2:45607688-45609187 | element 200107 | negative
gtatggaggaatcaatgcctggtaaggtgaacattaactagtaagaaagaaacaggagtcaggagggagacagccaatgaattctcttccctaccttccttccacccttccactgttctgtgccaccatcataccacagagcttcttccatgacaacctggtgactaagaaactggcaatgttttcttatgagtctatgactagctaagtaacacagcactttgtatttgctttctctgcttcctggctcacttccttttttcccttcttcttcctgctctgggattataacccccaataaagtatgagtacatatgcctttttcatgctctgttttctcaaaaaaatgagctaagaGCTAAGACAGAGCTCAAGGCCAAACACTATATCTAGAGGAATCAAAGGAAAAGATGGAAGACGCAGGTCTGATGAAGATAGGGGCAAAATCAGAGAAGGAATTAATAAAAAGGGGGTGGTGAGTTTCCTGATTATCACAAATAGTGGCAGATATTAAAGGTTGCTGTCCTCAGAGAGTCCTCAGAGGAAGACGTTAATTACATGCTGTTACCATGTACAGAAATGTATATGTGCAGGAAATGAAGGAAAGTCATgtagtataaggagagcctgtaatagtgaacttgatttagtctgggagaaaatgccctctgaggtaagatccaatactgggacctgataaacgggtggaagtgagagagaggggaggccgtttcaggcaaaaggaatgacatctacaaaggctctgtagtgtgaggtaccatgctgagcaggggaacagcaagAGTTCTTACCATAGAGAAAAGTGTCTCCCAGTTTtgactttcattttttaaaacctcaatccacaataaagactatattttacattttaacccagtaccaatacacatatatgtgctcatacaattgaaacaaaaagtcatgaaaaaatatttaaccttactgtgtTGGTGGTGGTGGTAGGGGGTTCACAATAGCCACTGACCTTTAAATGTGCATATTCTTTGACAGAGCGGTACCACCAGGACAATGTACGATGGTGCTCACCGCAGCACTGTTTGCAATTGTTTACACACACACAATGAAACATATTAAGGTAGATATGTAGGTACTGACATGGGAACACATACATGCCCAATTACAAAGAGAAAGAGAACAGTGTACATATGATGCCAGTTTGTTAAAAATCTTTACGAAGGAACATATGCATAGAAAAAGGGACAGGGATGTACGAAAACTCTAGAAGGTGGCTACTTAGCAGAGGAGATTTTTATTTTCCAACTTTCGTATTTCATTATTCCTGCCTTTTAGACTACACATATTACTTTTTCAATCAGGAAAAATCATAAAAATACAGTTATAACAAATAGTCCAAAATAACTTGCTGTTTCTTGTGGGTGATAATACAGGTCAAATGACAGTGTGCTTCGTTGGAAATTCAATTATTTTGGTAACTAAAGTAGCAAATTACATCAGATT
>Human| chr2:49391272-49392771 | element 200108 | negative
CAATTTACACAACAAAAATGTTACTGTGAAAACTTATCACAGGTGGGGGAAAAATGTAATTGTAAGCTTGTTGGGGAATTTAGTGCTGCTTTTAGATGAACAAAGTGGATTCTGAAATTCTCGTATTAGTTTAATTTTTTGTAGAGAGAAGTCTTGGTCTCTTTTAAAAATAAAATGGAGTAAATTTGCATCACATTTTAGTTGTAGCAAATGATCTATAGGTGACTGTTTTTATCCCCACATGTCTAGATTTCAGAGTAAGCAGAAATTGAAGGGGGGCATGTTTGGGAATTGGGGTACACTAATATGGAAATCATATGTCTTATGTTTTGACATAAGGAGCCAGTGGGAAAATGGGGAGCAGTAGTTCCAGATTTGACCAGGGAGAGTTTTCTAAAAATCTCAGGGCAGATAAATGTTCTCAGGAATACTTATGGTAAGACCAGTATTAATATAAATCTATACCCAATAGCTGCAAAAGAAGTCTGGCCCTAGGAGTTGATGTGTGTCAGTCTAGGATACTGCCCCTTCCCTTGGAAAACTCAAACATTTAGCCATGATAACATGACTGAATCATATAACATTCTTTATTTCACAGGCATATAATCAAATTAAAGTGTAGCAGCATACTTAGTAGCTAACTATGTATGCTGTGGTGCTTGAGGAAACACTGATTTTAAGCTGAGCTGGCAGTGAAGATAAATAGATTTGGCAATTTTCTAGCTGATCTGGTTCTTGCACTCACTTAAACCTCTCAATCAAACTCCTAGTTAAACAAAATATTTTAAATATGTATATATATGCAGCATATACACATATTCAACACATAACAACATCTCAGGGTAGGGTCATTGTTTATGAAAGCAGGAGTGTCAGTTGTCAGCAACACAGCACTGCAAGCTGAAAATCCAAGGCCTATTTTCTATTTTTATACTTTGGAATGAAGAAAAATAATACTGTGTTTCCATTATTTATGAACACGGTTAAAAAAAGAGAGAAGCAGCGAAATTTCACTGCTTTCAAAGAATAATTTATTTTTATTCCACACGGGGCCTCTAACCTTTCCTCATAATCTCCCCTTCCCTGTGGGTACCTCAGGCAACCCTGGTGGTGTGAAATCTTGGCTCCTGCTGGGGAAGGGGAAAGAGAGCTGGTGGGCTCTGGCTGGGAGTGTTCACTGAGCTTGGGAGGCAACCGATTAATTGATCAGAAATGTATTGAAGGGTTGCAGGCACAGCTGAGGTATAAAATGGAGACTTTGTCCTCAAGGAATTTACTGACTCACAGGAGAGTTGAGAGCAATGTGTATAAAAAGAGGAGCCCATTTATAAGATATGGAGAGTCACATACCTAAATTCTTCAGAATTCAGATTTAGGCTATGAAACagcttctacttattttgtgctaattttgtgctagacatcaggctaaatatcttacataatctctgatcctcataccaaccctacaacgcagctctgattattctcattttatgg
>Human| chr2:12476611-12478110 | element 200109 | negative
atatatgtcaagaccatattgctggaaacagcagatgtgttcaggacccagaaggaaggtggaatggcttgagGACATGTGATGCTTTCAAGCAATGATTCTTGAGGGACTTTGTATAATCATCTGGAACACACACTCAAAATACATTCTGATTCTCATCCCCAATTGTTGAATAAGAGTCTCTGTGGATGAAACTCtggtagataggatacaaaaatggttgtgtttttcactctctcctaagcccatgacatgtgtgatgtaacttcgcagctcttggaggtggggtctctttctttggaatctgggctggctcttgaaccactttggccaacagaataaaatagaagtattctcatgccaactatgagcccaagactcaagaagtagtgtgtgcttctgaccctctctcagaacctgcccccctccccatgtaaacaagagcagactagcctggtgcagaatgagagaccacatggaggaccagcctacttatccctctgagaccatcctagatcagcctatagcaagccagtccctgaacatacaagcaagtccagcccagatcagcagagccgcttaccctaggagcagatgcatcagtaaatccagaggagaccaATGGCTTAAACAATAATCATTGCAACAATAATAACTGGTTCTGTGTTAAGTCACTGAGTGGTTATTTATGCCAAAAAAATCTGTTACTAGAGACAACAATTAgtgagataggcagaggaggtcagcttgagtaggactttgtaggcatgatgtgaatttggtgttttgtcccaggagttatgtgaaattactgaaatgttttgagcatggaagtggcacaattaggtttgtgttatagaaaaatgaacttggctattctgtggagtataaatggtgggagcagggatTTAGAATGAATCCCTATAGATTGAATCAACTTGTGAATGTATAGTTTAGTTTGTTCCTTTAAATATCTATATTGGGCTTTAGCAATGTACTCAATAATGCGATTACAAGGAGGAAGGCTCATATCCTGTCTTTAAATCTAGTGAGAGACAGAAAGTTATTATGAATTTTGACAAGAACCATAACAGAGGTATATGCAGGTAGTCATGGTAGCATGGAGAAGTAGCCCTAGCCCAGCTTGGTGGAGAAATGAAGGGTTTGGTCCAACCGGTGACAGTGGAGGGTAACCGTGAAGATGGGGAAACACACATGGATTCCTAGGAGGAGGTACAAGCCTAATAATAGTTGGTGTTGCTGAAGAGCAAGCATGAAGATGGGAAGCAGAAGAAAATCCGATGAGAGAGCAGGAAGGAGCCACGTGGTAAAAAATATCCTTTGTACTTGTTGAGGCTACAGACAGGCCAGAACCCAACAGGAGCTGAGGCGCAGGATGATCCTGCTTCCTGATCTGCAGGTGGATTAGTGGATAGAAGAGAGCCAGTTGGGAAGGGCAGGACTTTCCCTAGGAGTCCCCAGGGTGCCGAGCCACCATGG
>Human| chr2:123166457-123167956 | element 200110 | negative
CCAGTGAACTAGTTCCCAAATGAACTAAAACAGCCAAgttttgagcagaggagtgacctgacctcatttatgAAgagcatgcattcttaagtttatgagtgttttgagtttctgcttttgagcattgcctgcgtatatcctttacagatatatcagttggatcagtttaattttgcttatcagtttgcaagaactctttacatgttACATATAGTTACTGTTTGCTCATCATATGTTCCAGCAAATACTTCTCTTAGGCTGTAGTTTGTCTTTTGATTTTGTTCAGTTTCTTATGCTTTACTTTTATACAGTTAAGTAACAAATGTGTAAGTCATTTCCTTTCTGTTACCTGAGTTGATGATCTATTGAAAAAGATCTCTTGATTCCATTTTAacgtggatgaagctggaagccattgtccttagcaaactaacacaggaatagaaaaccaaataccacatgttctcacttataaataggagcaaaatgatgagaacacatggacacatagaggggaacaacacacaatggggcctataagagggcagagggtgggaggagggagagaattgagaaaaataactaatggtaataggcttaatacctggatgacaaaagaatctgtatagcaaaccctcatgacacaagtttacctgtaaaacaaactggcacatgtacccctgaacttaaaataaaagttaaaacaaaCAAAAACAAACAAAGCCTCTTTACACTGAGCTTATAAAACTCTTCTCCTTTTAATATGGTTAGCGTTAATATTTTTGTTTTTGTTTCTTACAATAAGGTTTTAAAACTATCTGTAATTTATTTTTGTGACATAACAATATTCACTTAAATTTCTTTTAGTTaggggttggtaaactatggcccatttgccaattctagtctgctgctcatttttctaaaaaatgttttattggaacacaattatgcccagttgtttacatatcatccttggctcttttcCTCTCATAATATTTACTGTCTGTATGTTTATAGGAAAAGGTTTGCTTTAGCTTATGCATAGACAATTATTTTAATGTCACtattaaaaataataatttcttaatagtttaaatatCACATTTACATAGATTAATTTCCAATCATGCATATTGTTTTGTACCACTACTATTTGTTTTGTTCTCTCATCTGTTTATTCCTGTGTCAATACTGCTCTTATAATACCTTTGTGTACATTTAAAACCTTGAAAAGCAAATTACTTTTCATTATTTACTTTCAAATTTTTTCTAGGAATTTCCCATGCATTTATtttttacataaagtttagaaaaaaaatttccactttaaaaaactgagatcctgattactgttatagtaagatgacatatcggtttaaataaaattggaaatattgtgatattaaaagtcttccaatccagaaacatgctatgtctttctatttattcatgttttagtttatgtccttttataactttttatagctcttttcatgt
>Human| chrX:85099823-85101322 | element 200111 | negative
atagagaaggaaatcaaaaatgtcttgaaataaatgaaaatggaggctaggtgcagtggctcatgcctgcaatcccagcactttgggaggctgagacaggaatctcacttgaggccaggagtttgagaccatactaggcaacatagtgagaccttgtctctacaaaaaatataaaaaatagacaggtatggtgacacatgcctgtagtcctagcacctctggaggaaggaaggaaggaaggaaggtaggaaggaaggaaggaaggaaagaagggagggagggagggagggaaagaagaaaCAATatacaagcatatcaaaacctatggaatacagcaaaagcaatgctaagaaggaagtttatagcaataaacaccatatcaaaaaagtagaaagatttcaaataaacaacttagcaatgtgtgtcaaggaactagaaaagcaataataaattaaacctaaaactagcagatggaaaaacaaaacaaagaacagaggagaactaggcaaaattcagaagaaaaaaaatacatatatattttacatatatacaaatgtatatgtattacaaaaaatacatatatactgtgtgtgtgtgtatatatatgtgtatgtatgtatgtgtgtgtatatatatacatatgtgtatatatatatatatatgtgtgtgtgtatatatatatatatatatatatatatGGgaccaacaagacaaaaagttggttttttgaaagataaacaaaattgctaaactgctagctagactaactaaaaaaaggagagaggacccaaacaaataaaatcagaaattaaaaatgagacattataactgataccacagaaatacaaaagctcattagagactattatgaacaactaactatatgttaataaactggaaaacctcgaggaaatgaacaaattcctggatacttacaacctaccaagattgaatgcagaataaatagcaaacctgaatagaacaataatgaataatgagattgaataagtaattaaaagtctcgcaataaagaaaagcccaggactggctttactgctgaattctaccaaaattacaaagaagaactcacaccatttattcttgaactattccaaaaaacttaaaaggtgggaattcttcctaactcattctacaagaccagaaataccctataccaaaaccagaaaataatgtaacaaaaaagaaattataggccaatattcccgatgaagatggacacaacattctccacaaaatactaacaaactgaatctaacagcacatcaaatagataatacgctatgatcaagtgggatttatccccaggatgcaaggatgtttcaagatatggaaaccaataaatgttgatgtaataatcaacagaatgaagaacaaaacaatgtgattatatactccgatgcacaaaaagcatttgacaaaattcagcatccctccatggtaaaaactcacaacaagctacacactgaaggatcatacctc
>Human| chrX:50554239-50555738 | element 200112 | negative
caggatgcagtgagccgagctggcaccactgtactccagcctgagcaacagagtgagaccctgtctcaaaaacaaacaaacaaaaaCATGGCTACTAGATTGTCATAGTATCATttaaagaccacccacttgaatgtcattttagatatggggatgcctagacccaggtagggcaagtgatatacctaggattccagaactagagagtggcagaaaaaggattagaacccaagtttttaatctgccaacccaattatctttctattacCTTCCACCCATCCCAACCAGTGTGTACAGACTAAGAAGGCTGTTTTCAAGGAGAAAGCTGTATTGTTCTGAATCATAAAAGGAAATAAAATCAAGGTTGAAAAATGAAGAGGGAATTAATGAAATATGCCAAAACAGTGTCTTGTCAAGAAAAACACAATACAGGCAATCATTGTGCTTAAAAAAATACTATGGTCCCTTTATATACCGTTGAAGCCAACCCAGTTATAACTGACTTTTACTGTTAAGAACTAGGCTATTTGGGAGGAATGGGAGAAATAATTTTATCCCTTGCATATCTAAATGCATGTCATAATGAGCCTTCATATAATAGGGGTCAACTGTACATTCAGTGGAAAGGGAATCATTAAAAGGCACCCTGCCTCTCAACACACGAAGCACTTCCTCTACAGCTTGGCCAAGGAAACCCTCATCTACCCTCTCAAATAATCCCCCAGCCAGACCACAAATTGCTGGCTGCCCCATACTTAGTAACACCCCCTGCCATGCTCTCACTGGCTCACAAAATAATCCGGGACCACAGCAGCAAGCACTCTCTGGGGTGCTTCTCAAGATGGGTCAGCTCTGGGCAGAGCTGAAAAATGACCTCTCCAAGGCAGGTTGTCTAGGCAGACTGTGGAAATTCTGTGGGCGGTGTGAGGAGAAAAAGAAAGGGAGGAACTGCCAGATCATGGAGGGCTGCATATCCCATTGTGACCTTGGTGGAAAGAGTGGGGAGAGGAGGAGCTTGATTAGAAGAAATTCCTGAAGGCCAGGATTCCCCTCACCAAAGGAGTTGAGTGTTTTTGTTaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGCATATAACTTTCTCCAGAGAACACTGGAGGGAGACTGCCTCAGGAGGGGTTGTGACAGTGGATGACAAACGCATCTCAGGCTGGTTAAAGTACATGACAAGTATGGGGGAAAGGGTGCTGGATGAAGATCTGGGCTAGTTTGGGGAGGCTAATGATCAGAGGGGTCCCTGCCAGCCCCTCAAAATGTTGCCTCAGCATACCTCAGACTCCTCAATCTGATTGGTACACCCATGGCAACACTCCAGGGTTGCTAAGAGTGTGGGCCCCAAGGCCTGAAGGATCCCATACACTGGAAGTCAACCACAGGCTCCAATGCAAGGCGAATGCCGCACAGGTTATTGTGGGTGTGTGTTGCGGTGGACGTTTGCTGAACCCTCTGCTGAGATGTGACCAATGTT
>Human| chr14:88361484-88362983 | element 200113 | negative
CTTCAACTCACTAAAACACAAGTCGAGCAGATACACACAGTGCACAAAGGCCCTGGGAGCAGAATTTGAAGATCAGGCACAAACAGTCCAAGCGGGAGCTTATAGAAGCATCTGAAAACCTTGAGTCATAAATGACTGAACTGGAAAGAGCATGATATAAGAGTACTGTCTGGGTACCAAACCAGGCTTCTAGTCAACAGTAGCCACAGTAAAATGGCAATTTACTGGACCTCTGATGTGCACTTGATATATGCTTTACCACTCTACCTCTGGATTCTCTTTTTACTGGCTAGCTATGTAAGCTGGGGCAGACTGCCTCTTTTTTGAACATAGGGTTGTGAAATTCATATATGATATATCTGAACATGCTTTATTAACCAAGTACTTTAAAAAGGAAAGAATTACCTTGCCAAATCTAGGAGGGTGACTTGTGCTGCTGGTTGTCCAGTCTGTGTGTATATTCAATTATCTAACTAATAAATTAACCAGATTGACTGTCTACAATTTCTCATTTACTCTATCTTGGCTATGTGGATGTGTCCTAAAGATGACAGATGGTGACAATAGCAGACAGCTGCAGTGGGGACCTGGTTCCCTCGTGAACATGGCTGGCTTCAGTCTTCTCTGAATAATCCTTAAACTTGGAAAGTCAACACTGTTGCTTTCCAGCCCAAACTTTTTGGCTGTTTGTAGACCACCCAGCTATTTTCAAAAGAACTTTCCATAATCCATAGGATAGATATCTCAACCTTGAAAGGACTTGTGAAGAATTTACTTTGTACTAAGGTGTGCACTTCATTTATGAGTCATAATATATTCCACTAGAGTGCAACCTCCATCAAAGTCTTGTTCTGCGTTCCCGACAGCTCACACATGACCTGCACTCAGTAAAAACATAATTATTTAACATATTGCATCCATGAAATATCAAAAATTGGGGGTTGTCACTAATATTAAATTATAGAAGAAGAAACTGCTGACTGCCTATAACTGAGTGAAAATCATGATAGAAGAATAATTAGTAGGATCACAGCCGTGCGGCTGATGATTTAGATTACAGCCATTTAATAAGTAAACATTCCCTGCCCTTTGAAGAATGCAGTTTTAGTTTAGCCAGGCAAAAGCTGAGATAGGCCAAGAAGAGGTGATGGTAGACAACAAAGGGCTTTCAGCTGTACATTAAACCTGCTTAAATCACATACGATTTAAGTAACGATAGTAAGAATTATAGTAAGAATGGCAGTATGATACTGTATACAATAGTATTCAGAATTCTATATTAGTTTTATATACACCTATATAGAGAGAGATATATATTCTGTAGTTTAGAATTCCTTAATAATAGATCTGTATCCATAAAATCTTTTGACTTCCAATCTCCATTCAGTGTAATAAATCCTCTTTTCTGTGCCTGAGAATGTGGGATACTTTAATCGTAGTCATGCTGCCATCTAGTGGACATATCTTAGACCTGAGGGTCTTCTGTCTTCTGGAAATTGT
>Human| chr19:16787563-16789062 | element 200114 | negative
ACCtttttttttttttttttttttgagaggtagtctcgctgttgttggcctgggctggagggcaatggcacgatctcagctcactgcaacctctgcctcctaggttccagcaattctcttgactcagcctcccgagtagctgagattaaaggcgcccaccaccacgcctggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatgaggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccacccacctcgccctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccaccgtgcccagccCtttttttaaaaagaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGCCCAGCTATAGGACCTAAGGACTCAGCAATGGGGTTTTCAAGCCCCCTTCTTTTTAATATGGAATTTTAAAATacttcttatcttggaagagtttatgactcacaagaagttgcaaaaatggtacagagaatttgcaaataccctttacccagcttcctccaatgacatcttatgtaatgatagtgcattattaaaaccaggaaattggcatgggtacactatcattaactcaactacagactttatATAtttattatttttgagacagagtctcattctgtcacccaggctggagtgcagtggtgcactcatggcttactgcagcctcaaactcttgggttcaagtgatcctcccaactcaacctcttgagtagctgggactacaggtgcatgccaccatgcccagctaattagaaaaaattttttgtagagatggggtctcactgtgttgcccaggctggcctcccctccccttccctcccttcccctcccctcTCAacagggtcttgctctggagtgcagtggcatgctcatgactcactgcagcctccacctcaccagctcaagtgatcttcctacctcagcttcccgagtagctgggactacagaagcatgccaccacgcccagctaatttttaaaattttttgcagaggtggggtctcactatgttgcccatgttggtctcgaacacccaggctcaagtgatctacgtggctcagcctcccagagtgttgggattacaagtgtgagccaccgtgcccagccCGgaaataaaagcttaatacatgctacaatggggatgaagcttgaggacattatgctcaataagccacacaaaacaacaaagtttgtatggtttcgcttacatgagattcctaaagtcatcaatttcatagagacagaaagtagaatggtgccaggggctaggcgatgggggatgaggagtgagtgtttaataggtttcagtttgggaagatgaaagagttttggagatggttggtggtgattatggcaaaacaatgtgaatataatgccatagaaccacacacttggccagccacttggcagtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggtgggcagatcacaaggtcaagagattgagactatcctggccaacatggtgaa
>Human| chr14:73242851-73244350 | element 200115 | negative
CCAGCCATCACCTGCATGCACCAAACTGAGGGGGCTGGATCCCCAAGGGATGATTGATGTCTTAGGCTAGAGGAAGCTGGCACAAGGCAGGGTAGAATGATGTTCTTATCAACAACTGACTTCAGGCTACTCAAGGCTGCAATCAGAAATAGGAAAGGCAAGGGAAACAAATTGCTGGGCTCCCCAGGCTCCCCAGACAGCATTCTGGTTGCAGCAGTGCTGGCTGCCTAGTTCTAGGGGGCTTTGTGAGTGATGGAGGTACTTCTGTGATCCCATCTGAATTGAGAAGCCAGCCCAGCTCTGAGAGCTGAGTGTTTCTACATGAGATTTCCAGCAACCCTCCTTGAGCCTATCTGTGGAGATGGACTCCAGGGGGCCAAAGAAGACTCAGAATGGGAAAGATGAGACTTCTCCAAAGTGACTGCCAACCAGGCTCCAAATGTGATTTTTCAGAGCCCATCAATCACAACCCCTCTAAGACCCTCTGCTCCTCTTCCTCCAACCTCCTGCTCTCAAGACCACACCTGCTTGCTCCGATTTCTCAGATCACTCTCAGGTCCAGCCAGACACCTGGGCTCCTCCCTTTCACTGTCTCTCTGGTTCTGTGCTCTGACCTGAGGACAGGTGTCCTGCCATACCAGAAATGTGAGTCCAATAGCAAGTTTCTCATCTTCTGCCAGAAGCCTGCTCCCGCCCACTCAAGTCTCAATCCTCCTAGGGGCGGGGGTGGGGGTGGGGGCCGAGGCTATGCTGCCCTCCCTCTCCCTAGCAACTTGGCCTTGACTCTCCCCTTGCCTTCAAACCATCTGGAACTGAGTTATTTCATTTATCAGGAAGTCGTCCTTTCTCTCCACTCCCCCTGTGTGGCCCCAAGTCCCCTTTGCTGTGTAAACAGGACCTTGGCCCATCACTACTATCTGTGCACAGAAGCAGAGATAAGCAGAGCTGAAGAGAAGCCCTGGCCTGTGGCAGGATTGTGGGGGCTCTCCTTCCCCCAGAGGCGCCTCTTCCTCACTGTGGGCACCAAGTTTTCCTGCTGTCTCACTCAGCTGTTCACACCGCCAGAGCCGCCCACAAACACACACGAAAGCTCATCTACACCAATATGCTAACTTCCTGCTATTTGCATTTAAACATGTTTAACTCAAACTGTTCATGGAAAGCTCCGTCTCCCATTTAGTCTTTTAGAATAACTGGCACACAGGGGGCAATATCTGGCAAGGTGCGGGAAAGTTTTTATTTTCCTTGAAGTGGTCCTGTTCCTAATGCATCTCTTGAAAGAAGACCAAGTTTAGTGTTtgttacagactgaattgtgtcgttcctcctcacagaaaaaatccacatgttgaaggcctaaccctcaatgtgatggtgtttggagatggagcatttgggaggtgatatcatttgatatttacccctgcccaaatctcatgttgaattgtaatccccaactctgggggtggggcctagtgggaggtgtttagatcatgtggg
>Human| chr3:151220479-151221978 | element 200116 | negative
TTCTAgcttccagttttggcaggcttggttatttggaccaacctcttactaaaaagaactaaagagctcatgtaaattattttaaaatcttccttaaaatctacgaagagctaacaatacagcaagaaaatactgagcaaaaactagagtgataagaaaaccagaaaggtgCTTTCGTCTTGAGAGCTTTTGTGGCCTTAGCAAATTTGAACTTCTATTTTGAAAGGCTTTTTAGTGAGAAGGACAGATATTAAAGGGCCTTCTCTACTTGAAGTAGAAGGCTAATAGCAAAAACTCTCTCCAAAATAAATTGGGACTCCATCATCACTCTCAGAGTAAATCAGAAATAAAACAGCCTTCATCTTTTCTGTGTGAGATCATATCAAAAAATAATGAAGTTTAAGTCTTGAACCTGAACTAAAGGGTccccaggctggcagtgcaaaagcaaaggcaaatcctctctggaagaaaatacttttatcttaggccctaaaatgctttacaaataaatcttcaagtacaatgaccagtatactgtcaaagataatcaggcccactaggaaataagacaccaagagtgagaacaagcagaatgagcagaagcagattcacaaggtcttcagttaaaacataagtcacagacaataagttaactgcaagtattacgtttaaagtaatataatgtaaacttagagatatttgcaggaacaagaaaaaataaaaacatgaatttgaaaatacaagtggaatttctagaagtaaaatatacttatatacaataaaaatgaagatcaatagatagccttaacagattagagacaaaggagtaaactaagagatatattagaaaaaattgtgtagaatgcagcatagagagacaaaaagataggaagaaacaaaaaggaTAATTCATGACATTTTAAATGcccagtgggttctcctttcccactgctcagatacagctgacttattaagacagaggaattgcagcagataaagagtctaatgcacgccaaattggctaaatgggagacctgagttttattattcaactcagtctcctcaaaaattgggagactggagttttttaaagatagtttggcaggtagagggttagggagaggggagtgctgcttggttagataggagataaaattgcagggggtcgagttcttcttgctgtcttctgtttctggatgggatcgcagaactggttgagcccaattaccagtctgggtggtgcctgcttgtgcatcagaatgaagggtctcaaaatatatcaaacaccaaccttaggttttataatagtgatgttatccctaggagcaatttgggatgtagtggcctctggctgcatgacaccaaaaccataatttctaatcttgtggctaatttgttaatcttatagaggtggtctggccccaggcaagaagaaggggctttgtttctggaaaaggcgattaccacctgtttcaaagttaaactacaaattcctcc
>Human| chr3:72158980-72160479 | element 200117 | negative
TCCCGCAGAAGAGttttttttttttttctaattttaaaatctatttatttatattCTGAGACTGGGTTATGAGActggctaatttctgtatttttggcagacatagggttttcactatgttgccaaggctgctcttgaacacctgggctcaagcgatccacccgccttgggtggattcccaaagtgctgggatcacaagcgtgaggcactgcacccggccCTAGAGTAGTCCTTTTGCTTGGCCCATCagaacatggaccagagccgtggtttctgttcccggtcctcacactggctgatggtgaaactccagacaaggccacttctcctctctgagcctccatctgtgtactggtgagattggcaggatgtctattggtctacttcacagctGCTTCTGGACGTCTCACTGTGAAGGTCCTTTGGATAACAAGACTCCACACTAAATATTGTTCTTGTTATTTCTAGATATTGGCAGGTTCCTTCTTCCCCTCTTCCCAATTTTCCTTCACTTCCAGGTGACATGCGTCATGCCCCTGGAATGCTTACTCTCAGTCAATCCGCACACCTCTATAAGCACTCCAAAACttttttttttgtttgttttttgagatggattctggctctgtcacccaggctggagtgcagtggcatgatctcggctcattgcaacctctgcctcctgggttcaagctattctcatgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgggattactggtgtgtgccaccacgcctggctaatttttgtatttttatagagacggggttttgccatgttggtcaggttggtctcaaactcctggcctcaggtgatccacctgcctcagcctcccaaaatgcagattacaggcatgagacactgggcctggccTCCACTCCAGAAACTTTTATAAGCTGGATGAATGAAAAGTGTAAACAGGGAAGAGGTGGCAAGGATGGATGGCAAGTGAGGGGTGCAGAGACGGGTTCCTTACGAGAACTCTCCAGATTGTGGAAACCAAGACAGCCCATGCATTGAGTAGGTGGAAGGCAGAGCACCCAGGTGAAGGGACAGGCACATGAACATGTGAACTCTATTTAGGGGACAGCAGGGACCCAGGTCGGTAGGACGGGACATGGGAATGGATAATTCTAGGATCTTTTAGAACTGCAAGGCCCCTAACCAACCTATTCGTGCAGGGAAACAGAGGCTCTAAGTGAGGACATGTATCAGTAAAGCATCTTCAGTTACAGGTAATAGAAACAACAGTCCCAAGGAAGCCCGAAGCCTCGCCTAAGCTGGAGGTGGTTTTTTGGCAATTGAAATGACAAGCGCCTCGCCCACCTGTAGGCAGAGCAGTCGCCAGAAAACCTCCTTTGCCAGAGCACTGTCATAAATTAATCTTTAATTTCCACCGCTGGGTCTGTGGCACAGCTAATCACGACCACTAATTGCATGACAAGCTTCTCCCTTTTCTTTTTATGTTTCCATATTAGCCTGTTT
>Human| chr20:29640269-29641768 | element 200118 | negative
ccgcccctagtgggaagtgaggagcccctctgcccggccagccgccctgtccgcgagggaggtgggggggtcagccccccacccggccagccgcaccgtccgggagggaggtgggggtgtcagccccctgcccggctagctgcctcgtccgggaggtgaggggcgcctctccctggccacccctactgggaagtgaggagcccctctgcccggccagccgccctgcctgggagggaggtgggggggtcagccccccgtccggccagccgccccgtccaggagggaggtggggggtcagccccccacccggccagcctccccgtccgggagggaggtggaggggtcagccccccgcccggccagccgccctgtccgggagggaggtgggggggtcagccccccgcccggccagccgcccggtctgggaggtgaggggcgcctctgcccggccgcccctactgggaagtgaggagcccctctgcctggccaccaccaagtctgggaggtgtacccaacagctcattgagaacgggccatgatgacaatggcggttttgtggaatagaaaggggggaaaggtggggaaaagattgagaaatcggatggttgccgtgtctgtgtggaaagaagtagacatgggagacttttcattttgttctgtactaagaaaaattcttctgccttgggatcctgttgatctgtgaccttacccccaaacctgtgctctctgaaacatgtgctgtgtccactcagggttaaatggattaagggcggtgcaagatgtgctttgttaaacagatgcttgaaggcagcatgctccttgtttctttgttcacttgtttatctgctgaccttccctccgctattgtcctatgaccctgccaaatccccctctatgagaaacacccaagaataatcaataaaaaaaaaaGACCCTGTCCCCTCCAaaataaataaataaataaataaataaataaataaataaaaagactgagatttgctaagcacaaagttctttgattatgacacaaacccactgcatgtgtagtattcatctggactgagtacaaacaagatgctcatgctgtgtgctgtgctgtgagtaataaagtcctttgtctctgaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaaagaaaGTATGTTATAGCAGATGCTCACTCATCAACCTGCCTTGAAATTAAAGGTTtataaggtgcataagggcaaagcctttgatgttgtcattacattcacaaaggtatctgaggcacgtacagcatgaagttccctaagtgcttgcaacataagcagcactaaattttgttgaataaataaatGAATACTTTTGTATAGCATCTGCTCAAAATCTCTGATGTAAAAATGAAAATAATCTGAAAATATGCAAAACTGAATTTTCCCACATACGGTTGCCAATTCATACAATAAGATAAATTTCAAAATGAGAACATGACAATAAAATCAAGTTTCAAAATGGCTGGCCTTTTAT
>Human| chr10:126858794-126860293 | element 200119 | negative
ggaaagacagttctgggatgtattctggacacttctcagagctcccagcataacaaagccctagatgctcacagtcacctgcctatacccaccactcctgcttcctgggatcgcctcctacataaaccacctgcacccaagatgttccttgtctgcttctgctttggggggattccatgctaagacagTCACAGTGGTGGGTGTTCGATGAATATGTGCTGGACAAATCAGTGAACCTTAggatatagtgagccttagctcataggattattgacaggagccaatgagataaattatgtaaacatccgattcagagcctggcacatggcaggagccccgtatgtggttgcCGGTGTTGGTGTAACTTCCCATCTCACCTATCCAGAGTTTTCCCTGCAGCAGAAATGGACGTGAAATGCAAGATCAAGTATGACAGGGACAGtgtattcattttctggggctgccataacaaatcaccacaaactgggtagcttaaaaacgacagaaatattggccaggtgtggtggctcacacctgtaatctcagcactttgggaggctgaggggggggatcacgaggtcaggagattgagagcatcctagccaacatggtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcgtggtggtgtgctcccatagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacccgggaggcggaggctgcagtgagccgagattgcgccactgccctccggcctgggcgacagagagagactctgtcacaaaaaaaaaaaaagacagaaatttattctctctagagagaattctggaagccagaaatctgaaatcaaggtgtcagcagggccatgctctcttgaaaggcttcagtggggaggcccctctctggtctctaccaaacttctgatggttgccgtccgtcctggttattcccagcctctcctttgtcctcgggtgattttctccctctgtgtctgtgtctacatctgtttcctccccttggaaggatattagtcactggacatcttaacttgatgacatctgcaaagaccctatttccaaataaggtcacattcacaggtaccagggattaggacttgacatatgatttgggagaacacaatttcacccaCTGCAGATGGAAAGTGGAATTTATTTAAAATAAAATGCGTAACAACCAGGGCTTGATTTTCCTTGGATAAACTGGCAGAATGAGCAAAGGATAATTTGTACCTCTGGGATCAGTTCACATGTCACCCTAAATGGCATTTACACTATTATGTCATTATAAAGAACGTCTTGGGTGGATTGCAGCCATGTTTTGACATAGCTGTTTGTAAGTGTGCTGAGAATTTAACGTCTGATATAAGCCATAATCCCAACTGGGCTTTCCCCACAGAGTTATTTATAAGTAGCCTCAGATGTTAATTattaatacatataaaatatttattaagcacttaatttatgccag
>Human| chr13:108219984-108221483 | element 200120 | negative
tcttctgtacttgtggttgaatgggtgtgtctgtagctctatgcagttgttacaggtgtagctttgagtaaccaccaccaaaatcaaaatactctatctagcattaacacgaatctccctaaaattacccctttatagccaaacccaccctcccatctctaacacctgccaatccctaatctgttcttcatctctgtgattatgttagttcagaaacgttacataaatgaaactacgtgatttgtatccttttgagaagggctattttactctgtaatttccttgatagtgatccaagttgttatttttgtataccaatgttttgttctctttttatttattgtttatttttgagacagtgtctttctctgtctgctggggcccaggtgggattgcagtggtgtgaacagggctcactgcagccttcacctcatgggctcaaacaatcctcctgcttcagcctccggagtagctggcacatcacgcatgcaccaccatgcctggctaatttattttaattttttcgtagagatggagtctcaccatggtgcccaggctggtctctagctcctgggctcaaggaatcctcccaccttggcctcccataatgttaggattataggtgtgggccaccatacgcagccttgttccctttttattgctggacagtttttcattctgtggatataccacatggtgttcaacctttctctcactgaaagacttttgaatcatttcctgttaggggctatcacaaatacagctgctatgaacattcaggtttaagttcttgcataaaaatcagtctttattatctggaatgtgtgcctcagagtgcaattattgggttgtatggtatgtccatttttagttttgaaaggcagtaccaaactatttttggaatagctgtaccattttacgtatccactagcactatatgagagatccattttttatatctttaccagcatttaatgttattcctatttattattttagtcactctaatagatatgtactaatttctcattgtagttctaatagccatttctctactggttaatgatgaagatctttttatgtgcttattttcaaactgtatatcctatttagtgaaatgtctgtgcatgttttttgagtatttttaactggattttttgaatgttgaattttgaaagttctttatatattctaaatacaaggtcattgtcagatatgcaatttgtaaatattttcttccagtctgtgattttatctttataacagtcttttgcagaacattttttaaaatattgattaaacacaatttatcaagttttcctctatggattatgcttgtgatgtccaatctaagaactatttgcctagttttaggtagcaaagattttctctgtcctttctaaaagttttatagttttatattttaaatttacaaactattttgagtaaggcgtgggattcatataaagtgtgagatacaggtcaaagtttatctttcct
>Human| chr22:26566905-26568404 | element 200121 | negative
GGAGTTCTGGACCCCCAGCGCGCGCACCTGCTTTCAGCACCAAAGGCCCTGGACAGCTCTCAGCTCCATGGGCCCTGGCTCTGGGTCCCTTTCCCTTCAACCCTTCCCGGTGGCCTGGAGTGCCCCCCTCAGCATAAATCAGGCATTTTATCCCCCATCTCCCCGTCTTTTTAAATGTAGAGCCCAGAGTGCAGAGCAAAGGAAATTGTTCATCACCTTTTGTTTAACAAAGCATATCATTGAAGAACCCCCACCCCTTTTTTATGGGGCAATAATGTCCACAATTTACACCAGGTCTGGACAGTTTCTCTGGGAAAGATAGGGAAAGAGATTTGGTTTAAACAAATCGTTTCCACCACAGCATGGCCTTTCTTAATTAGCTGTCTCTTTCTAACAATGGCTTGGTGGCCTTGAACTGAGTCCAGCTCTCCCTCCCCCACCCCCTTTTGAATCTGTGTTGTGACTAACACACATATAAAAAGAACCTGAATCTACCCAGCAGCTTACTGGATTTTCTAAAGCAGTTCTACCTCTGAGAACTCCACTCTCCAATACACCACCTTGCAGGGAAAAAAAAATTGTCTTAATGGCACGTATTGAATTGTCATCTAAGACAAGGATTTCCTATTCTGTTTCCTTCACGGGCTGCAAACACATTGTAAGAGCAGGGGGAGACATGTGTGTGTTTTAATTTTTAAGACATTTCATACTATTTTTCCAACTGCTCAACACCATGGCTAGCCAGCATATTTTTTAAATTGACTTCAGGTCACCACCAAATTAAAGTCAATTGATGTGCTACTTCAGAAAGCTCATTAATAAGTGTGTGGTTCTGACTCTGAGTCATAAGGAGGGAGTGATACTGGCCAATGAGCATTGCCGAGTCTGATGGTGCATTTGGAGACAATTGACCTTCCACAATAAATTCTATTTTTAATGTAGAGCCCAACATCCACTAATGTCAGATGGAGAACCATTCACCTAACTCGTTGTTGCGAACTAGTTCTTCTGCTTGCGGTGAAGTGAGGGGATTTGTAAATACTCAAAAGGGACTTGTTGCTACATTCTGATGCAGGTCACGTGGTTCTCTGGGCCATTTCGCTGTAAGGCATGAATAAGTATAAAGTATAACTTGTTTTTGAAGAGCCTCCTTATTGTCTCAGATATGCACATGGGGAATAATTGTAACTACATGCAAAGACTGCAAAGCCTAAGAATAATTTCTTTTCTTTTTCTCTTGAATTAATAAGGCAAATTCAGTATTGCTCAATAAGGCTCAAATTTGCTGCTTCCCCAGTCTCTAACGTGTGTTGTGGTTAGATTCACTTAAAGACTATTTTCATTATGGATTGGCATTATTTTCCATAGAGTTTTGCCCGTTCCTGCCAGGGGCCACCGTATCTAAGCTTGAGGGATTCATCTTGTGTTCATATGGCTCAGTTAGGTATTAAGAAAATAATGTTACATTCCTTTCCTTCCCCTTCCAGGGCAAAAGGATAT
>Human| chr10:30969484-30970983 | element 200122 | negative
actgaggctttatagtaagtcttgaagttgagtggtgttggtcctccaacttttttcttccccttcagtgttgtgtttgctattctgggtcttttgactctccatgtaaactttatgatcagtttgtcaatatgttcaaaatattttgcagggactttggaactgcattgaatttatagatcgagttgggaaaaactgacatcttgacaaaattgagtcttcttatccatgaacatggaatatctctccatatattGTTAAGTTTAAGAGAAAATAACATTTGCCAAAGACATTTATGTTTCATCACTTCAAAATTAAAATTTCAAAAAATTCTATATTTTTACTTCTGACCAGTTTTTCCCAGCTGAATGTAAATATTTTATATACTAAGTATGTAGCACTAGCTCATCTGTGTTCTCAGAGGTCAAGTCACTCCTTTTCTTTCCTCCAGCAGTACTGGTGTCTTCATACTTAATAATACAGAGGTTCAGAGAAGAAAAGAGAGCATTTAAACAGCACACAGGCTCTGTCTAAATGGACTGTTTGTCTCTGTGTCAGGCTTCAGCCTGAATTCCTTTCTCTCATGCTTCAGGGCTGTACCAGAAGAAGATTTCACTTTATTCCCTTCTTTTCATCTTAGGAGCTGGTAGATGGTGACAGGACTGGAAAACAATTACTTCAAGGTCTGAGCCTAGACCCGTGATCTTCATCTCTTGTTCAGGCTATTTGAGGCTGCATGCAGTGACAAGGGACTGAAATTTCTCTTAAGGAAGGGGCAAAGCTAAATTTCTTTCACAGTGTGTAGAAATCGAAATGATGCTAGCGTTTTTGAAAACTGAAAAGTACAACTTTATTACTTTGACCTTTTTTCTATTGCTTAATACGTGCTCTTATAATTTCTTCCTTTATAGTTTAGTTTAACTAGATGTGAATAAGATAAAAATTTAAAAGCCAGATCACAGTATTTTCTTCCCATGAAGCTCTCCGGTTGTGGAGGAGTTTTACCCTTAAATCTACCCTAATCCTTATAATACGACTTAGTTGTGCTCTCTCTTGTTGGATCACATCCCTGTGTGAGAAACATTAAGTGAGATTTGCTATGATTTCTCAGTCGATGTATAAAGACAGAAGCAAACCCATCAGCAACATCATGCAACCTAAAAGCATTCATGTTAATTCATTCTTTGCATAGTTTCCAGCTGTGACTTACCAAGTCTCTGACCATCTTTAAAAGAAGACCGTCCTTTCTACCTGTTTCACTACCTTCTATacacacacacacacacacacacatgtgcatacacatacacaAATACTCATTTTCTCCTCCACCCTCTCCCTCTGCCTCTCCCCACCACATTCATGGGATCTATCTTTGAAAGAATAAAGGACAGATGGGGTAGAGGTTTCTGTTCAGATTCTTCTCCAATTCTCTCTTACGATTCCAGTCAACACTCAACTTGTATCGGCTAAACCTGGGAAATGCTACAGTACTTATTA
>Human| chr10:82374180-82375679 | element 200123 | negative
ctgcccccatgacccaaacacctctcaccaggccctacttccaacactggggatcatgtttcaacatgagatttgggtgggacaaatatccaaaccatatccctggggatggatggggattctgaagaaacacatttcactttagtagaagaaagagcatttttgatggctgcaccttgctattgggcagtcttgatggctagcgaacccccCAGAATGGGGAGTGAGGGCCTTTACACCCTCTGCTCCTGACCTCTGCCATGCAGTGTGGTTCTGAGGGCAAACACTGCTGATATTGCTCCAGGGCCCTGCCCCTGCCAAGCCACTGAAGTTTGCTCAGGTTGTCATGAACATTGGAAAGGTTGGCCGGGGCCTGGGGCTGGCCACAGGGTAGGTGCCTGGGAGTCTGTGGGCTGAGGACTGAGGATGTTCTCCACCCTGTGACTGTCGGACTTCACCTTGCTCATTTCTCCGTTGATGTTGTGTTGGTGGTATAGAAACTGAGGTGTAAGCAATGGTGATCCCCTCCTGGGTAGCCCTCCTGGGAGCCCTGTGGATGAGGGGCAAACCCACTGGCCATCCTGCAGGGAGGAAACCCCCAGAGAGGTGGAAAGAACTGTGCCCTGGGAGGCAGCAGCTGAGTGGGAATGGAGTTGGGGCTTGGCCCCTCTGACTGCATGCACTGGGAGGGAGGTCTCCTGTCTGAGCTGTATGGAGCAGGAAGGGGTTGGACAGGCTGGCTGCTGCTGACCTTTGCCATCCTCGGGCTTGATGCTGCCATGCAGTCCTGCATCCCATGGCACTGCCAATTACTGCAagagctggtcatggttagccctttacaggtgaccccactgaggaccagagagcttgagaaactatcccacatttgtccagcagtcagcaggggagctgggatgaaaaaccaggtttctggctcttagttttacctattccattCTGGCTGTCTCTTTGCATATACTGCCATCCAGGGATGGAAACTGGGACAGAAAAGTGCCCTCTCTGCATTTACAATCCCTTACTGTATATTCGGAGAACTTCTTTTAGGCTCGGCCTGGGTTCTTTATTTTAAATCTCACCCCTCCTCATTCCTGACCTTGGCAATCAGAGCTGGCACTGGTTTCCTGACCCAGCTTGAGGGAAAATCTGGGGATGCCCTGTTTGGTCTTTGGGATTACTCCCAGGAACTAGAATTTCTGGAGCTAAGAGGGAGAGAGTGTGCCAGTCCAAACCCCTGTTCTTGGCTTCCAGGATTAGTAGGAAGACAGGAAATGCTGGTGAAGATTTGGAATCTGTTGAGAGGGGACAGTTAAGATGGGGTTCTTGGGATCTTGGCAGTGTGGACCCAGGCACTAAAAATTCGTGTTTAGCAAGGAATTGCTGAAGAAACCAGGagtggagaaaataataacacccactacgtagtagtgttgtgaggattaaatgtatcaacatttttaaagtgtttagaacatggtg
>Human| chr2:129896312-129897811 | element 200124 | negative
gttgttattttcctccccttgcttctttaaataatttgtctgtgtctttgtttttctgcactttgaatcccttggtgtagcttttctatagaatttatcctgcttggtatttatccgatcttcccgtatatgtagtttgatgtctgtcattagtatttggaaacttattgacccttctttcttcaaatatttcttctgcttcattgtctcttttcgtatttctattaattcaattacatgtatgccacacAGagatgtcaaagtccttcagcttccttgagtttgactcctttttgattttgggtttccctatgtgttcctcctcactaagtctgcagctcttagttcctacatctgtaacccgctactaccacactgaagcccagttggtgtgagtgaactgaagcattctatactattatagctaaatgtcagcctattattgggcatgtgtctttaggctgttcatgttcagaagtgtttttctagttgtgtggtttatttctccccctctgatgagacaggcaggctagagggggttggagtgggagcaaagctctttccctagctaagatagcactctggtaaagtcatttctcctggatagtaggtctttgttataaagaaactttgggtatatttcacaatgattattctttctctcctctctagtcgggttcctggagataaaacccaagaaaagtggggatattcctaatactgcatgcccaggaatctctcactctcaagttagctcatgctcagccttcaggtatttgtcaaaattgctgtttaaatgtccctactggtttatggctgcagtggcttttcctcttggctattgagctcttggctgtgactctgggttttccggtctctcaggattttgtagtcatagtttgtcttgcaaccttagttttatgatgagtccaagaaaagtcattaagtttcagtttgctcagctttttcttggtgtaaaaacataagtaataactttcaaggcctttccatgtatgatctaaaactgaaaACAACAAAAAAAAATGAGTGTAAAAGCCATTTTGGGAAATGTTAAAATGTACAAAATGCAAATAAAAGCCATCCAGTCACATCACCCAGATTAAGCTATTATACTATTATAAAAATTTTGGCATATTTTTCCAGACTTTTTTACCCTCACATCCTCAAAATTTACTATTATtttttccaaaataatacatcctaattttaaataattaaaatagtgcaaaaagttataaacaaaaaggcaatgtcacttgtaatcctatcagccacacataatattaatattaggtattttagacatttttagtcatatacataataatagattgacaaataaaatgCTCTTCTATAAGTAAAATCATGTTATTATGGACATGAAGGGGACAAATGAAGGCTGCATTGTTTGCAACTTCTTGGTCTCTGCTTTGTCTTGAGAGACTTTTGCATTTACTGTACTAGTATTTGCTTCACTTA
>Human| chr4:68977393-68978892 | element 200125 | negative
TCCTTTGCAATATTTTTCtgccagcatggtggtggacagttgatacattttacctcaaatttacccaattctttttagtagttatttaatagcctcatttaatgattagttaaggcttagagagactaatttaggcaaggtaaatttgacaagtattggaaccaagatttggactcagaactatgattcccaaTTCTCAATTATTTCTGTACTCTATAAATCTTCCTTTGATATTTAACCCATAGATAACTAAAACCAATGATTTGGGTTAAGTTCTATCTCATTATGTACTTACTTAATTATCACAATGGAGTCTTAGCCTTTCTTCCTATTTCCACATTTCTCCGCAGCAATCCATCAGACACTCTGTAATTTGAGATATTTTGGAAAGCCTTTGATACTGTCTCTTCTGCTCAAATGTCTTCTTCTACCTACTGTCTACTGAATCAAGCACACACTCCATAGCATGAACTCATACCTTTTCAGTCAAGCATTTATTATTTTCATTGACGTTTCAAGTTCAGTGAGTCTAGCTTccctactgaactgtctttgagcctttgaacatgcccccacacttaactgatcgtgctcaagctgtgggccccatcggcactgtttttttcctacttccctacactcaaatcctattcacccttcaagatccagcttaaatgttacatctccatggaccttttctgaatccctaGTTAAAAGTGACATCATTTTATTAATGCCAAACCTATTTGGGGCTAATATTTTTATGTTATTTGTTGTGCTCTCTCTGCTAAGCTTATGTTCCCATGGTGCCCTATATTTTTCCAACCttaaattaataataaaaatataatTTGAttgagcccaggagttacagtacagcctatgtagtgagactcctgcctctaaaaaaTACTACTAATAATATATCAATAAATAATCAAATGTTAttatttgtattgattctaatatcatttttacccagctagacagtaaactccacagagtatgaatagtacctattttgctcattgccgtaactccagtgtctagcacagtacctgagccttagtagtgtttaataaacattattgagtATGTAGACACTATAATCTACCTCATTTAATATTCTTTTATGCTAATAATTATACCTTCTCTTAGTTTATAATTTCCTAAAGGGCAGAATCTATAGCATTCTTCTCTATATCTCTTCCAGAGTTCCTAAATATGTGATTAAAAATATTAATAAATCTTCCCTCTACAAAATTTGCTCCATAGAAAGTAAAATTCTGAAATATTTATTTTTCTaatattatacaaatattgacctagttgacatttatagaacactccacccaacaacataatacacattcccttacactgcatatgcaaaattcatcaaaaaagagcacaatctgtttcataaacatgactcaacaaattaaaacaaattaaatcttataaagtatgttctttgattatagagaaattaaATCACAC
>Human| chr9:101349413-101350912 | element 200126 | negative
atgttcctgattactaaagaggttaagccatcttttcatatgcttatagcctgtgtttcctcttttggactggtaactttgcccatttttctactgggttgtcttttccttattgatttgtTCAGAGCACTCCCAGCCAcaatgccaagctgaatgaaacaatcacctcccgcattctgagtattgacttctgttaatgcggcttcagtctgcacaccttctattgggctcctacatcatacagagcttgctgtcagtaaaaactactaaatcAGCACCTATTATCTTGGGTAGCAAAACACCGACAATCCTTCCTTGGTGCCCAGGGGAgaaaaaacctactggataaaatccagccaaccaaaagatgaatcaaaaatataaatctcaggaatggaggaggacttgtggtaaaaaaggagtgatagtgagagccagacccatttaacatgaaacaactggcaatgtgaagataataatggaacataaaatgcaggaggcagaagagggaagagaagttgtaagattgttaatttcctcttcttccatagaagggctttaatcaataccatctaaaattgaaaactgtagtttaaaagccaggattttaacctcactgcttttcataatcttttattacccttggagagacattttggaaacaaatattttctgtagcaaaggcaaaattgtttaatggtgagcaattccttctattttacttttcctcattttcttctgttatatgcaaataaataaaattcaacaacgatctaaagtaggatgtaataatgatctcattttataaaattatttctttataatatatgcatagagagatgtctggaatgagaatcatcgaatgttaaaggttatgagatttcagtggttttttgttacttgcttcttttacttAAATAAAAAAAATACAGATTACTTTTATAAAGACAGAAAGTCATTTTTAAACTGGTAAGCTTTCCACACCCAGGGTGCTTTCTCAATCACTGAagtttccctctttctgttcatctgtgggtgattttctgaacctaagaacagactttaacatttatcattgctaaatCATGTTCAAAATTAGCCCAGCACCATATCCAACTGAATTAAATATACACTATATTGTTTTGTCATTGCAACTAATTCATTGAAACATTTTCAGTCACCTACTAAGTACTAGGAGCTGTCCAGGAAACAGTAAGTTCATGTGACCTCTAAAAATTCTTTGAACAGAACAGGTACCCAAGAAACATTTACTGAAGTGTTAAATTTAGAAACAAGAATAGTaataataataacacagtgagcccttacatagcatttgcctgtgccaggcactattctaattgctgtatatacactaactcacttaatcctcccaacaaccctatgaaccatgtcccattattatccacattttaatagatgaaaaaactgaggatcagagaggtgagtaatttgccccaagttgcacacagtgagtga
>Human| chr13:38664025-38665524 | element 200127 | negative
cctgaagaaggttaaatattatttcttatttgacaatccttcccttgtaacataacatgtaaaataatcccatttacttctcctttggatgcttcaggtggcctctggagcaccccaaagtgagaggtaaaaaaagacgcaattttgaagttgaaatttgattttgcgaagcctgtcaaatatgtcaaaggtttagagcacttgaccaaaataggatcagaggtcaccataagaccacagtgattcatttaccaaagtaataattaaaagatttttaaaaacaaaacctgtttgtctttgatcaaggggactcagttttctaaacaatcaaaagacaagacagcatgagacagaatctctctgttcttatttactctttcttttcctcagtttactgaaaaggtgaatgaaaatattatactggcatgttaatactacacaaaattcttgttaaaaagggaaaacctatcagtgtattatcaatatgaaaactgattttaacaaaacctcataaataacatttatcaaatctatcattttttaaccacacatttctgtaaatcttttattttacattttccccaactttctacattcatcttgttttatctgttttttattccttcaatttgaaatctttaagtaacttcaaaccaaacacaatttttaacacacatttttatgcctttataactttcctcatcaaacacatattttgctttgcttatacactctgaaaaaagaattatctcatatctagtagtttttaacccttagtaaccctaatttccagtgataagcctggaaagtaattttgaactgttttatatcagtatttgtagataaaaaatattttataagtttttagaaagatggttatccaaattattgtttattaacagtctaaacatacttagcttttctatactgaagcagctacggttgtctggggtatatatcctggggttcattgccatgtgctgagaaagagttcaggacatggacacatgtgggtgggttaaggagtagaaagttcaatagacagcagaaaggagagaggagagcagctcctagtgagagagaggagagaggacagaggagagagagagagagagagaggaggagagagagagagagagagacatctgaaaagaggaggggcagcagactgcagcagacgttataggcaggctggagaattcagtgtctgatttacatagggctcacagattggttcaatcaggtatgacatctacatagtgggcagaggagagggtggaggaggggaaactggtggcccaaccataatctaattatgcaaatggtgcaaatgggctttccagttgatcggagccatcttgtctgcttctcactgtacacatggctgacaaagagaagggaagatggagccaccatctttaacatgattggcacaactgctggcatctatgtctgcagctcaattttacaggctgcttttcattagaaaagaaaataatt
>Human| chr5:63505964-63507463 | element 200128 | negative
AAGATCATAAGTAGGGATTTATTTATAGACACtcttaggtgtgtcccaggagtataaatttttagtaagtaacccaacttatgtctaatgctagtgatctagggaccacattttgtgaaatactCTTCTAAGGTGGCTCTTCACAGAGTTCATGATCTTGATGCAGGCTCTTTCCTTCAGTGCTAGTCAAAAGAGAACCTTGGACTTACCAGAGTGTTGATACTCTCTCTCAAACTCTCTGTAGAAATTGGCATCCACAGATGTCTTAGAATAATTAAAGTTTGGAACCCTAGGATTATCAATGATTGAATGTGCTAGAATTTCTCTTTTGAGGGGGAAAATCTGATAACATCTGTTTATATTTGTATTATGTTGTGGGTTTATGAAAAATAATTCTAGGGTGTTTGTTTTCATGCAGTTTGCTTGCTGGTGAACAGTGGAGATAGAATGTGACTTAAAGTTTCTCTTCTCTTGCTAAAATTGAAGATTTACCTTTCAAAAGACCTATTAGTCTGTCATATGCTTATCCATATACAGACTTGCACTGAAGTACACCTCTTCCTGCCCTGTTTATTAGATGAATTGGTAAACTTATTCAGAGGGCCAATTTCAAATGCAGTTTTGAAGATAcctttctcctggtataggggatggcactgttataggactaacagtttcatatgcccgtgtagtaacagatcaatacactgagatagcaggatttgcagcagagaaagaatgtcatgattgcaaggtgtccagtgaggagatgggaagagaccctcaaatccttcatcttcctgaggagttctgggctgggagttttaaggaaaccatggagagtgaggagctggaaaattggggtggctgattggttggggaatgagggatgaagtcatcaggatgtggaaactacattctttggtgagtcagcttctggtggtatccttctttcagagcagctggcatcaatggggtttttcagaccagctggtgttaatagtttcattggtatgcaggacctagaggaatatctcaaagggaaaactagaggaatatctcaaagggaaaactttgagtttcataatgttcaagttgttacctatagagcagttaagggaaactataatctaggatctatgggatttggggcaataggcagcaaacagccatgaggaagcaggtcagacagcaagcagacctggggattaatgctcaatgtgctgcaagcttggtttatttttgtttgtccccctcttcttccttggctaatttataaagtttataaggacagttttagcatctctcatgtaagagtcttatgacatactttatgggaggtcagaaaatccttcctaggttattgacctgcttcaggcgaaaagggcagggggaaggttagtgagaccttcctgcatccgctgtttttcagtatgccaaggaggcctgttttggggtagtgtgtcctgaatcccatcaTTCTGTTCCTCCATCTTTCTG
>Human| chr13:60695547-60697046 | element 200129 | negative
tggtggaaaaggagaaagtaactcaagttccaatgccttcagtgaatcagtgggagggactagaagacctacagttgagaccaccaacaaggaggaaccaacaggttgtatactctgatggtttatgcttcaaagAGAGCTGGAAGCTTTTGAAGtaagaagccaccaggaaaataaagccatcaaagaacatccaggtttcaactacagcaaggaggaaagagaacattcaaagaagacgacagacttcgagttccaaagggcaaagtaggagggtttgggaagcctggaggacttgatagatatcagattagaagaatgaatggacctgaatagtgagagaagcaaaggggtgaTTACTGATGATATGAATTGATTATGACTCAGCTCTGCCGAAAGGTGATTTGAATTGTGATAACTGTAATGAAAATTAATAAAGACATAAACCAAAGCATGTGGACTACACCTCCTTTATTCATcttctctctgtctctactgtcgctagctcaggccacttctaacctgcctcctagccttctaacctgcctccatctcttcactgccctctccccctaccatgctatagcaattctctaccccaacatcattcaaccacctgaaaatgcaaatccagtcatgcccctcactcctgtggttaaactctttcaatagcccctcattactcaaaggatgacattcttggctcaaaggttcatcttgatctgaacatatttcctctctagacaatcttttcaccactccaccaccttacactgtatgatctagagataatgaacaacctagaatctcctaaacatgtacaggttgttccttgtgcctaaaacctacccacacctcataccccatccccttacctggctaatttcaactcaatcttcagctcccaacttaaactacagctcatgtaagagcccattttgattcctcaagactgagttagatgctcaaagacttagtgcttgcatcatataatatgtatacaattctttaaatgcctgtgaactaggctttaagtccttgagaacagatactgttattttattcactaaaccccctctgaacttaccacagttctaaacatgtagtggatgttatattaatatttgttaagtgaataaatTAATAATTAGCTTCCTATCTTCCAGGCCTGGAACACCCTAGCCATTGCTTCTTGCCATGCTAAATTTTTCTCAACaatattttaaataaaaaataattaaCACAGCATATGAAGGGAGAATGCCAGGTGTTATGCCTTTTATATATTCAATAGGAAAACCCAGACTCTTCCTAACACTGATAATTTAGAGTAGGCCCCTACACTAAAAACAAGGATAACTTATGTTATTTAATATCATGATATAAGGTAATAAGAAAAATATCCATTCAAAAAGGAGCACACATATCATTGAAAAAAAATTTAACATTCAAGAAACCCCAAAGTTCTATCTACCCATCTACTCAAAGTACAATTCTAAT
>Human| chr2:85517886-85519385 | element 200130 | negative
caggctggagactggcagggaagagttacagtctaagtctaaaggcagtctgctagcagagttcTattcaatttaatgctcaagaataatcctctttggcaccattcattctctgtccttccagcccaccaggatgggagctgggagctgtgcccctgaggccctgggcggcagccacaccttgtgaatcccctcttggggtcattcttccctcttcttgaaagataacaaatgtttgcagccacatcactgtagcccattctgtagaagtctgacagccttccttccctttgtcctgtctttgtccattttaatccaaaagggcagtatttctgctgaggtggttggttgaatccatgcttcacagccccagtctcattatctgatcgtccagccacaccattggtgttctcttaggaacacaccttctcatttttttgcaatgaggctaggctgagaattttctaaattttcaagttctggttcctttttgcttaacaataatttacttctcacattttactacaagcagtaaggagaaaccaagccacaccttcagcactttgcttagaaataacttgtgctgaatatctaaattcatcactcacaagttctacctttcacaaaacactacaaaataactcagccatgtttcttcccactttgtaacaagaatcgcctttccactagttccaataacatgttccccatttccatctgaagcctcaccggaagcacctttaacatccatatttttGGGGTTTTGTTTTTGTGTGTATGTGTTTgttttggttttagttttggttttggttttggttttggttttggttttaggacggagtttcactcttgtcacccaagcaggagtgcaatggcacatgatctcagctcactgcaacctccacctcctgggttcaagagattctcctgtctcagcctcccgGAttttggttttttgtgctttgttgagagacaggatctcactctgtcacctaggctgtagtgcagtggcatgatcatagctcactgcagcctaaactcaagcattcctccctcctcagcctcccaagtagctaggactacaggtgtgcaccaccacatccagctatttttattatttgttgtagagatggggttccactatatggcccaagctggtcttgacctcccaggctcaagtgatccttctgtctcagcctcccaaagtgctgagtttactggTCATATGTAtttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttgagacggagtctcgctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcacgatctcggctcactgcaagctccgcctcccgggttcacgccattctcccgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgggactacaggcgcccgccactacgcccggctaattttttgtatttttagtagagacggggtttcaccgttttagccgggatggtctcgatctcctgacctcgtgatccg
>Human| chr1:96090515-96092014 | element 200131 | negative
taattatgagggaaatgtaaatcaaaaccacaatgcgataccaccttactcctgcaagaatggacataatcaaaaaatcaaaaaataatagatgttggcgtggatgtgttgaaaagggaacacttctgcactgctggtgggaatgtgagctagcccaaccactatggaaaacagtgtggagattccttaaagaactaaaagtagaactaccatttgatccaacaatcccactactgggtatctacccaaaggaaaataagtcattatatgaaaaaatacttgctcactcatgtttatagcagcacaattcacaattgcaaaactgtggaaccaacccaaatgcccatcagtcaacaagtggatgaagaaactatggcatataAATCAGATAAGTCTTAGATTGCAATGATGTTGTAACTGGATCCAATCACTTACTTACTCCCTTAGTGAACTTTATCCTGAATCTGTTTGCCACTTCTCTGCTGGTCCCTGCCTGTGTAAACACCATGACTCTGGGTTCTGCTCAGCAGACTGAAGGGAACACAACTATGATGATTCTCTATGCTGTACTTGGAGAAGGCTGGTTAGTCATAAGTTTTAAAGCAGGTCAGTatggtggatttccagtctgccagcctcctttgcagtgggttgggaccgagtgacggcttctggcaaatgaactgtgagtggaagtgacatgtatacttctgagtctgagtggttaacagccagttaggtgcctctcctatctgtctcttttcttgttgaggtaaagccacatgttccaggtggtCTAGCTATAAGATAGACAATGCCTATCTGTCACTGAGAATTCGGGGGTTATTTGTTTTGTTGTTTGtttttgtaaagacaaggtcttgctatgtttcccaggctggtcttgaactcctggcttcaagtgatcctcctaccttggtgtctcaaagtgcttggattacaggtgtgagccacaccgcccggGCTCGAGTTACTTATTACTAAACAAAGATTCGGCAagtggttctcaaagtgtggtccaagaacccctaggtgttcctaagacacttgtgtagggtttgctaagtgaaaaccattttcataataatgccatgatgttgtttacctttgccactctcattccgtcatgattatatagcagagtttttccagatgatttaagatgtgtgataatgtcatttctcttacagctaatgacatgtatccttgtatattcttgtgttaaaaattgtttctgtttaatttctaatgtgataaatattaataggtagaacatatataaacaaaagttctttgagagtccacaataacttttttcaaaaatgtaatgggatcttgagaccaaaatatttgagaaccactAGATTAGTTAGTTCTACTTTGCCTAATACAGAAATTATATGGGCAATTTGGAGTGGGATATAGTGATCCTAACCTCTTTTGGTTTAAATCAATTTTAAAATTAATTTTCAAAGCTTT
>Human| chr7:44673823-44675322 | element 200132 | negative
cagacagggaaaagaaaggctgtggggcctttgaggcctaggtccagaccgtacactgctactccccacgccattaccttggttagagcaagtcacagacaacccTTAGGGACATCCGTTTGGGGAGAGGAAAAGGCATGGCCACTGGACAGCCCTCCACAGCTCTTTTCATAATGACCTGATAGAGCAGCCACCTTTAGTCTAGTGCAGAATCCCAGCAAATATCATTCTGATATCAGTAGATTCCATAGGGCAGAGCTGAAGCAGCTGTTCTTTGCTAATCTTGGAAGTTTATTGATGTTTTATTTACACACCTGTACAGACAGAAGATAATAGAGATTGTTTAGAAATATTCTGTCACCTATAATGACTAAGCATTGCTATAATGGAGCATGTGGTTTCCTTAATTGAAGAATACCTAAATAGAAGCCCATTCTTAACTGGCCTCAGTATAAACAGCTTGTAGTGGCAGGTCACCAGGCCTGGATCACAGTGCCCTACCTTGTTTTTGCTTCATAGGCAGAATGGTGGTAAGTGGTACTCTGGCCTGGGCAAGGTCTGAGCAAGGCCTGCATTGATGGAGGGTCCAGAGTCCAGCTCTACCATCTGCACATTTTCTTTGGAGACTTGTGCTTAGCCCAACAGCATGAATCATTTGCTGAAGGCTCTGGAGGTGGGCATTCCATCCACAAGTCTCCCCAATAGGGAGTACCCTGTTTGGACATACAGGGTAGTCACACATATGGGTTTTAAATCTTGTTCTTAGGATATTTTCAGGAAAAGCTCTGGCCCACACGTTTAGGACCATTTCCTGGGCAGCATTGGAAGGAGTGGTAGAGGTCATGCAGGCCTGCCCTGTCTTGTGTGCAGGAAAAGAATGAGTTGTTGGTCTACACTGAGGCCGGGATGGGAGGCCTGCCCCTTACAGCAGCGCCGGCTGAACTCCAGGCTGGCTGGTCACATGGTGCCCAGCAGCTGACTTTTTATCAGCTTGGCTGGATTAGAATGAGCTGAAAGAAGAGCCATACGCCGGTGTTCCTTGGTTACATGGTGCCCTGTAGTTGATATTTATAGCAATTAAAAAGCATTGTCAGTGTCAGAACTTAGTAAGTGAGGTTGTGTGGATAGTGCTGGGCCTCATCAACTTATCAGCTGTGCGAGGGCCTTTGAGCATGGGTGTGGCTCCATGCAGCAAGGAGACCGGAGCCTGCCCCACCCGCGCCGCGGATTATTTAGACAAGGTGGCAGTAATGTGGTGACCAAGGGTAGCTACGTGGGTGGGCTGGGCTTGTTCTGTGGCTGAGGTGGAGTAGGGAGGGCAGCTGGAGTGGCGTCTGTAGGGGCTATGGATAGATGAGAGGAAGTGGTCTCATCAGTCCAGAGCCACCCGTAGTCATAGAGCTTGGGCTAAGTTGTAACACTCTCCTCATGTTCCTCATCAACTTCTTGAACAAATGCAAGTATATGTGCAAGGACTTTATAAtttttttttttttttcg
>Human| chr2:160287969-160289468 | element 200133 | negative
AAGTAAAAGAGGGGATTAAATTGACTGTTCAAATGAACAGATTCCAATGGCTTATGAAGTACAGTAAGTCAAATATGAGAAAGAGAAATCTGAAACTACCAGCATACTTCCATTTGGGCTTTGGAGTAAAAGAAGACAATTTTCAACAGGAGATTCTTGGTCTTTTGGCTGCAGTTTTTCTATTTACATACAAGACTTCATCAGGCTTTTCAGGCCTCTCAAAAAACCAGGCTTACAGAAATAATTATAGTAGGATAATTCAATAATTTAAGTTTGTTCTAGCTACGTAGTTCTATGTATGATGcatccattcctctacatatgtaaaatctattactagattaaacttgataaacacaggagtgatacttagactgtttcctcatagttcacggtacaatagcttctgtggaattctggtttgtgttataccatttgcctatattgaaattcattataaaaGTTAGTTTTGAAAGTTATGAATATTGATATTTATGATCTATCATACAAAGTTGTTTTatggaaaccccaggaagagtggttttaccctgagcacgaagtttgtttttaacttacagacactttaaattgtacagctgagtatattttcctattcatattagctgctaaaaaAAATTAGTTGAATCTGTAGTTGACCAGTAACAAATCCACAAACATTTATAATATGTATTTCATTTTTGTATTCGCAATTTAAGCTCTCTTGTATTTTATGTTTTCAGTCTTCTGTGGAATGAGGAGAGGGAAGGAAAATAAAAATGCAAAGAAGTTAACCCTAGACCCAGCAAAAAGAAAAAAAAAAGTGACTCAAAATTAAATCAGAGAGTCCTCTATATGTTATTTAACAAATTTTCTGTTATTGATGAACATTCATAGAGATTTAGGTTTTTGGTACTTTCTGAATGACGACTATAATTTTATCTGTGTTCAAAACAGCTGGTGATGCATTTTAACAAGTAGCAGAAGAAATGAAAAAAGAGTGGTCCTGAATGAAATAAAAATTAAGCAAGTTGATGAAATTATGTCTTAATTTATGCATCATTTGTATTCACCCTAAAGTGATTATTTGTTTAATGTCAAATGAATAACAAGCTGAGAATCTGACTTAGGATTTCCAGTATCAATTACTCCTGTATTTTATGAGCTCATTATAGAAATGCACAAAGTTGTGTGAAACATAGTAAATGACGCTGATTTTAAGTCTGAATTAAGAAACCCTTTAAAATGTTTGGTTCACATAGCATTTAGAGAAATACTTTAAATTTTAAAATGAAAATAACCTGATTGGCTGTCATCAGAttcatcatcttcatcatcttcctcatcttcttcttcatcatcttcctcttcatcctcatTTGAATCTTCAGAATCTTTACTACTGGGAATGTCTGAATCTGTTCCTCTGAATTGTTCCACTAAAGATTTTGCAGGATGGGAGTGATGCTGTGTTTTTACTGGGTTTACATTATTGCTAACTGC
>Human| chr9:11225015-11226514 | element 200134 | negative
GAAATTTATTAGCAATGCATTGCTGTAAATAGAGAACTTGAAATTGAATGGATAATCAGAGTTAAAAATAAAATATTCAAGCTTAGTTGGATGATTGCTTCCACATTTACatatttattaagcatttattatgtactaggagtggtattggccctttggtaagggtagtgagcaaaatcagaacaattcctgacctcatagaacctgtagtcAATCAGGCAACTAGTCCACAGTATAAAAGCAGTAGCAGCTAAATTACCTACGAATGGTAATCACTGACAAATATTTTGAAACTAAATCAGTAAACCTCAGACAAATGCAGGTTGACCATTCTAAGGTAAAATTATTAAATCTGTATTTGTTACCTGAACCAACTAGTAAGATAGGAACTGTTAATATCTCATCTTACATGAATTTTAATCTTAACTATGCAATACATAATCAACTACTTAAAAATTAGTGAGGAAATTGTAAATATCCTTTTTATTCCTTTAGTGAGATTTAGGTAATTAAGCATAATCATATTTTTTTCTTTCTTTGTCATCAAAAAATATTAATAAATTTAGTTTCAGAAAACATAATAGTCAAGATTCTGAATGCAATTCTCTTCCTACTAACAATTTTGTTAATTATTAATACTAAATTGGACAAGGAGAGCAAAAGAAAATATAACAAATCAATAGAAAAAATATTACTTCTAACTGTATTTAAATGTTTTCAaaagtgaattaaaagaattgctgtgttttcagacaatatttttttagtcacaagaaaagcttcttaaataataccaccaaggtagtggttcttaggggaggggacatttgactcccaggataaatttgaaaacatctagagactttttagttgtcacaccaggaatgggacgggagacacttctatagtccagtgggtagaggccagagatcctgctaaacttcctacagtgaacaggacagttcaccaaggaattacctggtccaaaatgttagtagtgctaaggttgagaaactgtgtattaaggtcataaaaagttttaaattggacaaataattataagtgcatatgtgaactttaacatcttaatgatataaaatataaagagattagcattttatcacattcttatactcctcaattttaaattatataattttcttattttatataatagttaattttagtatgtgattaaattttaattaaaatattcatattgtaatgtccccgaaattgttcgatcatggttctctatctaactagattgaatgtttactctctatctctgtaatatgatgtagtcttattgagttatttaacttgatcctttttaattggctggattgtataatcaattttttttcCCAGTCACCATGAGAACCTCAAGAATATTTTTCTGGACATTTCAATCACTTTTATTCTGATAGAAGATTTTATCCCAGTATAATCTTGGAGCAAAATTTTCCTGAGATATGAAATAATGTTTTTTCATCTTAA
>Human| chr4:92937451-92938950 | element 200135 | negative
ttacttaatataaattaactaaaaaattaacctaaatatagaagtaactaaaaatcaatctaaatataatgcaatatgaaatgcaaaatttctagaatgtaacataggataaactccatggtaacttaggtttggaaatgaatttttagatacaacaacaaaagcgtgatctatgaaaaaaattaaaatgttagacttaattaaaattaaaaacgtctgctctgtgaaagataatgttaagagaatggaaagacaaacaacagacttggagaaaatatttgcaaacacatatctaataaaagacttgtatccaaaatatacaaagaactcttaaaactcaacaattttttttaaaagtccaatgaaaaaataggcagatgatctgaacagccacctcaacaacaacaacaaatatatatatatggcaaataagaatataaaacaatgctcaacattataagtaattataatcgaaatgtaggaaaatccaaaacatggacggaattaaatattgaagagaatgtggattgacaggaaatgtcattactggtggaaatgcaaaatggtacagccactttggaagatagttttaattatttatttatttatttatttatttattttttgagatggagtctcgctctgtagcccaggctgcagtgcagtggcgcgatctcagcccactgcaagctccgcctcccaggttcaagccattctcctgcctcaccctcccgagtagctgggactacaggcgcccgccaccacacccggctaatttttttttttttttgtatttttactagagacgaggtttcactgtgttagccaggatggtctcgatctcctgacctcgtgatccacccacctcagcctcccaaaatgctgggattacaggcgtgagccactgtgcccagccggaaggtagtttttaaagttattacaaaactaagcatactctcatacttttatacttttaccatatgattcagctaccacactccttagtatttgcccaagtaagttgaaacttcatgtctacacaaaaatcttcatatgaatgtttatagcatcttgttttataattgccaaaaattggagaaaactaagatgtctttaaataggtgaatgaattatttaaaaaaaaaaccgtggaacatccatctgaatagtggaataacatctgaataatagaatgttattcagcaataaaagaaatgagctatcaagccaccaaaagacatgcaggaaccttaaatgcatattgctaggtgaaaaaaagccagtcttaaaaactatgtactgtatgattccaattgtgtgacattctagaaaaggcaaaactgtagagacattaaaaaaatcagctcttgccagggcattaagggtgaggaggaggaatgaataggtagaataggaggaatttttaaggcagtgaaactattttatatgatactgtaatggtggatacacgagcttatgcatttggcaaaacctgtagaa
>Human| chr10:74739528-74741027 | element 200136 | negative
cttttcccttcttttctagaatgcccataatacaaatatttgtttacttaatggtgtcccacaaatcctgtaagctttcttcatttttcttttttattttcttttcctgtctatttttgtgttatttcaaaagacttgtcttcaacttcagcaattctttcttctgtttggtatagtctactgttgaagctctcaattgtatttttatgtcattcattaaattatctaggatatctgcttcattctttttttttataactgtccatctctttggtgaatttgcccttcaaatcatgagttgttttcctggtttcattgaattgtctatctgtattatcacgtagcttagtgagtttccttaatattatcattttgaattctttttctggcatttcatatattttcctatgattggagtctgttgctggagaattattgttttcctttggaggtgtcatgtttccttgctttttcatggttgatgtatccctacattgatttctacgcctctggtacagaagttgcctcttccatttttatggagttggtgtgatggggaaaattttatttgtatgaatgagtcttgggctattggtttggtggggtgcattgatttctaggggatgcagtagtagtatagtctctatgtagttgcttcagctgtaatccgtactaatgatgcttgtatatttcttagtggcctaggctgagagagtttgtggtgattgtggtgtggctttgccaagtgtgggcttgccaggctgtttctcaggttaggggcatgtgcatgcatgcagtgggtcagccaacttggagtctgactcattggggttgagggtatggggctgttacgctggccagaagcacaggcacaaagttggttggctggcctgggggatgtttctcaggcctgggacatagcatggcagctcagttggcctggggtgtgtttgccaggaatgatccacagggttgttttgtaggcttgggacatgatcacatggcttctcagctagcctgggtgcaggtctgctggtggtggcccacagggttatttctcaggtccaggacatgagctcttggctgactggccagtctagggacatgtctgtcaggggtggcccataaggctgcttctcaggggtgggcatatgactgcttggctggcctgggtgcatgtttgctgggggtggcccacagggctgtttctatgatccaggactttggtgctgcttggctgccctgggaatatgtcttacaagggtggcccacgaggcttcttctcaggcctgggatgtaggcacaaggctgcttggctggcctggtggtatctgttgagggtgggccatgttactgttttcttgtccaggacttgactgcatagctgcttggctggcctgggggcgtgtttgtcaggagcaggtacaggactgtttctaagtctcatgacacagctgcacagctgctcagctagcctgggggcatttttgcaggggatgg
>Human| chr6:113831259-113832758 | element 200137 | negative
agagggcacattagtgttttctctcactttttccatgtggtgcttctcttacacgcactgatatggtttcaatctgtgccccctccaaatctcatgtcataattcccagtgttggaggcctggtgggaggtgatttgatcatagtttaatgctattcctcttggtgctattgtcgcattagtgagttctcctgacatctgggtgtgtggcaccttcccccggtcccttcctcctgttctggccataagaagtgccagctttccttcgccctctgccatgattgtaagtttcctgaggcccacccctagaaacagagcagatgccaccatcatgcttcctgtacagcttgtggaaccgtgagccaattaagcctcttttctttaaaagttacccagtctcaggtatttctttacagcactgcaagaacagactaatacatacacacatacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacaccccaaaccaagacaagaaggctcagagggaagctctcatagagatcagggttactttctagaagaggagattggtacctctgcccccagctggatattggctaaggTTTGAATATTGGGTAACCTGCCCTTTTAAAGAAGTCTTGGAggctgggcatggtggctcatgcctgtaatctcagtacttgggaggtcaaggtgggaggatcacttgaagtcaagagtttgagatgagcctggacaacacagcaagactaccatctcttaaaaaaaaaaaaaGCAAAAAAAAAAAGCCTTGGGAGAGCCTAACATGTTGGCATGTGTCCCCATGGGTTGCAACTATACATGAAGATAGACACTGATGGCTGCCTTGCCTCAGAGAAGTCTGAGGGTGGGACACTGGCTACAGGCAGCTACAGCAGGGGGTGAGGAAAGAGGGCAGCAGTGGAGGTGACAAACTCTTCCACAGCtttccttcagaccaagcagaaactgcagaaggtagctaggctctagccatcttgaagggatcccattggagacggtttcccaccagctggaggaaaccccaaaggtagatctctgttacaggaaaggaggaagtttcagagaggtgaacaagaggatgctttgcctgtgtgagggagttgcagtgaggatgccttcagagaggcctctccagagaacccacacacgcacctggcaacagcaagcagtgagcatctgccacagagaggATGCAGGCAGCCTGACCAGTCAGTTCACAGCAGGCAGGCAGGACGCCCATGCTCCTTTTCCTCTGTCTGAAGGGCATAAGCCAAGCCTGGTTCAGGCCTCACCTAGGGAGCAGGGTTGTGCCTTTGAATTCAGTGATGGTTTCATTTTTTAATTTTAATTAAACATTTTCATAGCTGAAAAAAAAAGACTGTTCTAATACTAAAAGTGACCACAAAAGCAATGGGATCTTTGGGTCCTGGGAAGGGACATCTAACAGATGGTGGGGAAAATAATGGT
>Human| chr11:82542305-82543804 | element 200138 | negative
AGACAATAAAACTCCCCCCAAAAAGCAACTGTGGAATAAAAAAAGAATTGCTGTAATGAGACTATTAACAGGTAaacaaatgtttactgattgcctattatatatcaggcactgattgggcacgggactccacagtcaacaaaacagacaaaatctctgTTGCTTACTTCCACAATAatttgttccttgaaataaccctgttaggtactcattattattcctaactaatatgaattggcaatttgcccaaggccacgcagctaattcagggaagaagaaaaatggcatcaaggtctacctgacttcaaagccTTAACAGAAAAATCTCCAATCCAACAGTTAAAGATTAAACTTCCCAACCGGAAAAGCAATCACACTTGGATTCATGTGAGGCAGCCTAAGGAGAGGCCTGGAAACAAAGATTAAGATACTTTCCACAGGGCTCCTTGGACACTTTCTttttttttttaattatactttaagttctgagatacatgtgcagaatgtgcaagtttgttacataggtatacacatgtcatggtggtttgctgcaggcatcaacctgtcatctacattaggtatttctcctaatgctatccctccccaaccctcaccccccgacaggccccagtgtgttatgttcccctccctgagtccatgtgttctcattgttcaactcacacttatgagtgagaacatatggtgtctgattttctgttcctgtgttagtttgctgagaatgatggtttccagcttcatccatggccatgcaaaggacatgaactcatcctttttatggctacatagtattccatggtgtatatgtgtcacattttctttatctagtcaatcattgatgggtatttgggttagttccaagtctctgctattgtgaatagtgctgcaataaacatacatgtgcatgtgtctttttagaatgatttttaatcctttgaatatatacctaggaatgggattgctgggtcaaatggctctagatcctggaggaattgccacagtcttccacaatagttgaactaatttacactcccaccaacagtataaaaatcttcctatttccccacaccctctccagtatctgttgtttcctgactttttaataatcgccattctaactggcgtgaaatggtgtctcattgtggttttgagttgcatttctctaatgatcagtgatgatgagctttttttcataagtttgttggccgcataaatatcttcttttgagaagtgtctgttcatatcctttgcccactttctgatggggttatttgtttttctcttgtacatttgtttaagttccttgtagattctagatattagccctttgttagatggacagattgcaaaaattttctcctattctgtaggttgcctgttcactctgatgataatttattttgctgtgcagaagtctttagtttaattagatcccatttgtcaattttggcttttgttgccattgcttttggtgttttagtc
>Human| chr14:69088561-69090060 | element 200139 | negative
TCTGTGCACAGTGACAATGAGTGTAATTGAACCCAGAGCTTTGGGGTGCAGGAGGCAGGCCAAGCAGCCCCAACGCCACTCCCCTTTCCCATGTCACTCATGCCTCTGGTTGGGGGTGGCAGATGGGTCAGCACAGGCCCACAGAGGGTTCCTCTTCATGTCTTTACTTCTCTCCTAAAGAGGGATAAGCCTGGAACCTGGGCACCTGGAATGACTGGGCAAGCATGCCTCTAACCTGGCCTCCATTCCTGAGCTCCAGTTACCCTGTTACCATCCAGCCCCATCTGTTCTAGAGTCACTGCCTTTAGGCTGGAGGGACCTTGGCAATCGTCTGGTCCTGGCTGTCTCAGGAGCAGAATCCTCACTTGGGATTAGACCCTTCACAGACGCCAGATGCTCTAAGTACAGGGGCATCATGGAGGAGGAGCCATTCTGACTTCCAGTATACTTGATGAGGAACAACTGATTCAGTCAACCCATATCATCTTGGGTCAGGATTGGTGCTGATTCATTTTGATTCCTGCaggcatggtctctctcctcctgaagctgagtctagtggggaagacaaatatggatcaagtaattaaagcgggaggctgtttaccaaaagggagttcttaggaggtcacaagtctaggaagagggtggtcacggaaggcctttctgaggtgatggcatttaaattaaaggcaagagtgcatttctgtcactcacttcctcacccccagagcctaacacagggctggcacatggtagatactcagttgtttcatgaatgaatgaatGAATGGGCAATGAACAAATATCTCTACATTTCCTGATAGCCCTTGGTGACTTACAGGATTTGATGCTGGGTCTATTAATGTATCCATTTACaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaCTGGATGTCACGATTCCTCCTGAGGGCTATTTGTGTTATGGACGTGCTATGTGCTGTTCATTCAATTTTAGAGGTGTTTATGCTGGGTCACAGCTGGGGAAAACGATACCCCTGAGATCCCGCAGGGAGTCTTCTAGACTCGCCCCCTCCTGACACCCTCAGACTGCACCATGGAGAACTCTGTAAATTAATTCATCAAAGTGAGGAAGGCAGGCCCCTTGACAGGTGACTGGATTCAGATCTGAAAGCGGAGACAGGTTAATACTTCCTGTGCCCAGATGTCCTAACCACAGACCCAAGCTCACGGGAGGCAAGGGGAGAATAGCACCACGGACCTACCTTCTTTTTCTCATAAGAGGGTGAAGGGTTCTTGGAAATTCCCCTAAAGCATTCAAATGAGCAAATCCAGGGCTGTTTGCTGTCAGGTTTCTGGGCAGGATTATGGGCAGACTGACCAGCTGTTCCCTCCCCCAGGACTGCCTTAATTTCCAAGCCCTACTTCTCAGTCCCAGGGAAAGTTGGCCCAGCTATAAAATGCCCTGAAACTCTCCCAGAACTCAAAACATACCCACAGTACGGTGTCACTCTTGGGGAACCTGTC
>Human| chr6:106421581-106423080 | element 200140 | negative
aacttctagctttgtggatcttctctattgttttttattttccattttgtttatcttttctttaatctttattatttccttcctttggctagctttaggtgtactttgtttttctttttctaattccttaatgtgtggccagaatgtgttgagatctttcttctttcttaattaagcatttacagttacaaatttacctcttagcactgctttcaccacaccccacaagtttgggtattctgtgttttcattttcatttgtttcaagatattttttaaattatgttgtgatttgttctttgacccattgattatgtcaaagtatatttaattcccacatatctgaggattttctattttccttctattactgatttctagttttattcccttgtgatataaaagatattttgtatgattttaatcttttttaatttagtaagacttgttttgtggcctaatgtatggtatattctggagaatattatatgtatactccagaaaaatgtgtactctcattgttgggtgaagtgttctatatatgtctgttaggttcaattggtctatagcattgatcgagttcttcatttccatattccttcttttgtctgtctgtttcctcaatttttaggtgtcctttatataataacaatattaactttttatcatcgtatgttacaaatattttcttccaatttttcatttgccttttgactttgcttatgatattttctgccatgctaaaaaaaagtcaaatttaaaacattttttaactgcttcaggattttgaggtatggagtctttccttacacccaaggtacagagaaattcattcttcttttttttcttcaagtatttgtaaggttttgttttttatattttgatttgtgattcatttggattttattcttctatatagtgtgagatatggatctaattttttctttttctgagtagttaccagttatcccaatcattttttaaaaatgtctatccttgctccagtgatttaagatgctacctttatccttttcatgtgtatttgggttgatttctagacttttcattcatctgtttgtctactcatgcactaccaccacacaacttcaattatagtggttttacagcatgctttaatatcttaaatggctagttcccccttgttgcttttttctccagtattttcctagctattcttgcatctttacttttctataaaaattttagtatccacttgtataactccattaaaagtttgtggatatttttatcagggtaagtaaaatttataaattaatttagggagaactgatattcacatgaggttcagttgtcctacacaagatcaaggatatctttccatttgttcaagtctactttagtgtctttcagaaatTCCTTCCTCCTGACAAGGAAGAAATTTTTTTCTAATTATGGAATTTTACACATAGTTTGCTGTTGGAAAACTCCTAACGTATTTCATTCTCAGAGATGAATACCA
>Human| chr2:79205672-79207171 | element 200141 | negative
GCTGGTCCTCTAATCCTTACACATTCCTCCCTGCTCAGGGCTTAAAGACTTCTAAAAACTGACTCTTGCTTCTCTCTGCAAGTGTGAGACACAAATTTCTAccaccatttactagccaagtgattcaggcaactcatgcaacccctctgcacttcaggtgatgaatatatgaaaagataatcacatctgctagcagctggggattgaaggactgtgcgtacaaaagaaaaaagcacagtgcctggaatacagaaaccagtcaacaaaAGCATTTCCTTTCCCTTGACCTGTTCAGAACTTTttttttcttttttcttttttttttttttttgagatggagtctctctttctcacccaggctggagtgtagtggcgtgatctcagctcactgcaacctccgcctctggtgttcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcgtcctgagtagctgggattacaggcacccgccaccaagccaggctaattttgtatttttagtagagatagggtttcaccgttttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctgactgcaggtgatctgcctgcctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccgtgcccggccGAACTTTTCTTTGCCTAATACCAATGCATTGTAAACGTATGGgaaaaaagattaattgggttgcaaggagacttgagtgctagtcttgcctttaccacataatgagctgggtggtctggggtggataattttggtttgccattgttgctttctctttgaaatgaagaggatagccaggaactccaagattccttccagctTATTCATTCATGTCTTTGCATTGCTGAGCATCACCCCAGGGATGTTTTATCATCTCAGGCAGTGAGGAATTGGGATCCCTTGTGTTCCCCTAGCACCCTTTCTATTAACCCGAGAGTGTGCTGGAGGATACTGCTTTTCTGGAGAGCACACACTTCATATTGGGCGACTGTGACACAGGCATCTGAGTGGTCTCTGGCAGGACTTTGCAATATCCGCCCTGGGAAATGGCAAGGGCACCCGAGGACCTGTGAGCTGGCAGGGCCGTGTCACCCCAAAAGACAAGGACTCTGAGAGGAGGTACTTCACCAACACTCTACAGCTGTGTGAAGAAAAAAAGAAAATGGTTGATGAATTTCCACTTTCCACAGAGTAAAGAAATATTTTTATGTTATTTGTTTCCAGCCTGAGCGGGGGGCTTTTCATGCATGACCAAGGAACTCTCCTCCCACAGGTGGGGATACACTGCCACCTGCTGGTCCTCTGCTTCTTTACACAAAGGAACACCTTCCCAAACCAAAGCAATGGTGACTTTCTCGGACAGCATACTTAGATATATCAGAAAATATTGATAGTTACTAACCTATTAATTGTGAATGTCTGATTAAATGTTGAGGGTCTTGTAGAGTTAAATTTCAAGATAATTCCTCTGTGTATACTCAAGCTCACGCAACTAAAAGAGATCTTGAC
>Human| chr15:98513997-98515496 | element 200142 | negative
ACTTTTACTGTATTATTTTCAAATAATCATTTTTTGTCATCCGTTCATTAGAGTGTCTGTTGCTGACTCATAATTAGTAAGGGATACATTTAAATTTGTTTATACAGTGGTAATAGATTATCGCTGATTCATTTGCCAGATTTTTTTACTATTGTCCTTGTGATCTATGGCATCAGATACAGTATTGTGGATTGCCTTTAAGGTGTGTTATTTGGCCATGGAATATAGAGAACTTAAGCACCTTCTGGGACTTACACAGGCTCTGACCAGCTTGGCATATAACCATCATATAATTACAAATAGGTACTAGAATCGTTTTAAATAATGCTACAACACTAATCTCAGTCCGCTCTTTTTTTGCAGGTTGACCCACATCCTAGCGACGTAGAAGAGAGCCAGCCTGTTTCCTTCATTCTCTGAACGTATTTCAGAAATCACTGTGTTCATCATCAAATTAGAATGTTGGTTCTTTTCCTTCTGCCTTTTTGGGAAAGAGACAGGAAAGATTCACTTGAAAACATAAATGAACGTCAAGACTGAAGGCAATAGAAATTAAAGAATGTGAGAAAGTTCTGGTGGGCCGGCAGGATTGCCGCACAAGTTTATATGATGGTCGTATATATATCCCTGTTAAAAACTGGGATGAAGATGTGCAAAGTCACAGAATGTAATGGAAGTCCTGATGGTTACAGAGTAAGTGAAAGGGTGCCTGCGCTGACGTGAGAGAAAGGAATCTGTAAACAGTGGAAACACTGTGGGAGTTTCCCATGGTGAAGAGTGGAACGAAGGCGATATGAACTGAAGGGGTGAAGACTTGATTTTGGAGAGGGCAACAAAACAAGGGTGTGTGTGCATAGGAGAATGGCCCACTCCAAATACGAAGTGAGATCCTGAGTCTTTGGGTGCTTCATGATTTCCTACCATATTCAGGCCTAAAGACATTGAAAAAGCATCTTTTCTTGAGATCATGGTCATATGAGGTCCTAATGAAGTACTACAGTTTTCATTCTTTCAAGGGTAGACTAAAATATAGTTTATAAATCGGCAGTACGGTATTATGAAACCAAGAAAGGGTTTCTTGAAAAGCTTGTCGGTTCAAAGAGGAAAGATGAATTTCAATGTGAAAACACGTTTTGTTGAGGGCTGTACTTTTTACCCCCTTTAAGTGCTTTAACAGGATATACGTTTGATTTTCCTCATATCTTATTTACCTAGGAGCATGTAAGAGAAAGAAGGGAGAGAAAAGGTTGCATCTGCAGGATGCCTTGATAACTACACAGTCCCAAATAAAAGGCCTTTTTCTAACCTACCTCTAATGGGGTTATCAGATATGTTTTTAAATCTCTCGCCCTGAGTACTCTTCTTGGGAGTTGCTGCTGTTTACAGCCACAGTCTCATCTATCACTAAATATGAAACTGGGCCAAGGGGAAAATTCAGTAAGTTAGCGTTAAATGGAAGTAAATATATGTATACCTAAGAGAATGTCAAAATAAACACCA
>Human| chr2:62595644-62597143 | element 200143 | negative
GAAGGGCTTCCTGTCCTGGGACATTGTGGCTGCCGCCAAATAGCAGCTGGGCTCTGTCCTTTCAGTGTTGTTCACAGGATTCCATTTCAGAGTCTCAGTTACAACTTTTTAATGGGGACATAATGATCATTTGGTGAGGTCAAGGCTGAGTTTTGGTGGTGTGTTATTTACCTTGCCAGGATGGGGTGGACAAGAGGAAACTTCGTCAGGGGTCTTGCTATGTTGCCgtattagtccatcctcatactgctataaagacatagcagtatgagactgggtaatttataaagaaaagaggtttaggccgggcgtgctggctcactcctgtaatcccggcactttgggaggctgaggctggtggatcacctgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatagaaaattagccaggcatggtggtgggcacctgtaatcccagctactcgggaagctgaggcaggagaatctcttgaacccggaaggtggaggttgcagtgagccgagattgcgccactgcactccagcctgggaggttgcagtgagctgagattgcgccaccgcactccagcctgggcgacaaagtgagactccatctcaaaaaaaaaacaaaaacaaaacaaaaCagaaaagaggtttaattggctcacagtttcgcaggctgtagaggaagcatggctgaggaggcctcaggaaactttcaatcatggcggaaggtgaaggggaagcaggcatgtcttacatggccagagcaggaggaagagagagaaggcgaagtgctacacttttaaacaactggatctcgtgaggactcacagatgttcagggcaacagcaagggggaaatccacccccatgatccaaccacctcccaccaggcccctcctacagactgggaaggattgggaattataacttgacatgagatttgggcagggacgcaaatccaaaccataGGAgttacccaggctggtcttgaactcctggcctcaagcaatGTCTCTTGGTTGAGAGCACTGGCTTCTCCCCATTGGGCTGTCCTTGTCTGCAAGGTGACTGCTGTGTGGTTCCTATCCCAGACACTTGGTGGCTGGTGCCAGGCCCATGGTACTGGCCCCTCCCAGGGAGGGCATAATTTAACAGGAGCCCTGGGGCAAAGGATTCCTGATGTGTAGCCTTGGGAACCCTAGGCTCACTGCCCTCAGGAAGAGCCTTTTTTAGATCACAGCCTAAGTTACTGTTTAACCTTTAATAGGGCCAGCAGCACAGTCCAGACGCAACAAGAAGCACACAAGTAATCTCAGCTCTTCTTCCTCGGGGACTTAACTTGGCTTCACATCTGACTCTGGTTCTGGGCATCTAATGTGGGACAGATGTGGGGTAGGAGACAGTATCTGCCAATCATGAGATAATAAGGACTAAGTAGCTGCTACTCACTAGCACTGTGGGAGGACCAGATAGTCACTGTCCCTG
>Human| chr13:48707964-48709463 | element 200144 | negative
gatagttatggtatttgttagctttttaaaattagtaatttattgtgatttcattttattgtttacattagttatttggttttgtacctactttagatttgataatttgtattctttttgttTGTTTGTTTCCAAGGAACTTACTTAATCAGAACTTCAGAGGGCCCTAGAAAGCTGCATTTTTAAAGAGGACCTCCCCTCTGGATGCCCTTCCCCACTTCCCCTCATTTTAATGAGGATTCTAGGTGAATTAAAAGTATGTTTTGGGAAGTAATTTTAACCCTCATTGTGTGTCAGGTTATATATACAGTAATATTAAGTTGTAAATCATGTAATAGAAGAAAAATTTTTTTATACAAAGTGTTAATAGAGGCCTAAATATAATATGGTTTTTAAAATAAAATAAAATGAATTCATGTGTATATTGTTATAATCATAAAGATAAGAATGTTAAATTGAAAGCTACACAATGAGAAACATTAATGGCAAATCCAAGTACAAACGAAAATGTTCTCTGAATTCCCAGGTTTCACTGGGCATCAAAACCCACCAATATTTCAGTCCTTTTCTTATATATTATTCTGTAACCACATTCTCCACATTTGACTGGATCCCTGGACTTCATGTCATTTTCTGTGTGACATTCTCTACAGTTATATGCCATTGGCTGCTGCTTTGGGGTTTGAATGTCCTTCTGGGTGTCCATTGTTAGTCCCTACACAGCATGATGAAATTTCTCACtcttgtattatttttcttaatgaaggctcacaaaattataattgttcaggtatacaacctggatcAGTATTTGTAATTACCCAAATGCCTCAGAAAAATTTCAACCGGGggaatttatcttagagttgttcttgtacagttatgaaatggcatgtgtacaaggttagtcactgcaaaactgtaacagaaaaaggctgaactcagtggggatctggttaaacagatcatggtacatcctgcataatggaatactgtacagctctgaaaaatgaggacacagtctatattctgatatggaaagggctacaagatatattgcccaatgaagaaaaacaaagcttagaacaatgtgtacagtatgctacctttcattttaaaactaaagaaggaagaatagaaacattaacttttgtttatttttacataaataagttctggaaatgaatACAAGTGATTGTAGGGAGGGGACATTGAGTGGAATGCACTGAGGTGGGAATGAGATTGTTCACTCTATAGCCCCATACAAGAGATGTATATTCACTATTCAGAAGTTAAATGAAAAAAAAAAAAAGTATGTATATACATAtttttttcccccttttgaaacagagtcttgttctgtcacccaggctggagtccaatggcaagatcttggctcactgcaacctctgcctcccaggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctcccgaggctgaggctaatttttgtattttttggtagagatggtgttccaccat
>Human| chr6:155232623-155234122 | element 200145 | negative
ggttcaagcaattctcctgcctcagcctccaaagtagctgggattataggcgcctgccaccacgcctggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatggagtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccacccgcctcaacctcccaaagtgctgagattacaggcatgagccaccacactcagccTAAGGGCTTTCTTTAGCCTGTGTAATGTGAGTGCACTCACAAGAGCACACACATCATGGGACTGGAGGCCATAAGCAGAGTGACCAGAATCCTCTTAGGCCACTCTCAAGGCAAAACTCTCAAAGGTGAGGCCTGGCTGGGGACTGCCAGGAGAGCGCAGGGACCAAGAGGCGAGCTCTGGGTTCTGCAACAAGAGCTGGGGCTCCAGTGCCCCAGAAAGTGATTCCCAGATTCTCACCTCATGTACGGCAGGTGTGGCCACAACCGAAGCCCCGCCTTCTTCATACTGACTGCAGGTCCTGCGCTTGGCTTTTTTAATTAGAATCTTGCAAATTTGTCTCCAAATACCAATATTCCttcattcatccaacatgtatgtatctagtgcttactaaatacacagtgctgtgcttgagatagagatggaacagtgCATTAGAATTATGCTTGAGCACATCAGTAGAACGTGCATGTTCAATAGGAATACAGGTGTGTATTGCATCTTAAGCACAAGATGAATGCAAAGGAAGCTCACAGAGGCAGACGCAAATCAGTAGTTTACCTAAAAATGACTTGTTCTTTATCAGCTCAACTTTCCACTATCGTAAAAAAGAAAACAGTTCTTACTGTTTAGTCTTTTGCTGTTTCCTAGCCAGTAACACATTTATAGTTTTATTTGGATTTGAGAACCTAGAGATTATATTGACTTATACTGGTGAACACCTCTTTTCTAAACCCTGAAACTCTAGCAAGGATGCAGGTCCCACCATCCATGAATGCTGCCATTTAATTCAACATGAGAAGTGACCCGTTTCACCTGTAAACGGGGTGGGGGAACTCAAAATACTTTCAAACACAAGGACTTTGACTTTACAACGTTTGGAAAATTACAGAACACAAGAAACTATTTCTATCAAACCAAAAGAATTCAGAGTTTCTCAAGAGATCTCTTATTTAAAAAAAAAAAAGTGTATTTCATGAAATAAGGATAGACTATGGCAAGAGAGTGGGATAGAAAGAAAGTTATTCTTTTCTGAAGTTGGTTTGATTTTCCTGGGGCCATCTTAGCAGTACACAGAAGCAAGGTTGGTTTTCCCAGATCCCCATCACAATGAATGGTTGCATAGAAGTAGGGTTGATTGAATGTTCTCAGTCTAGTTGTATCTGACTTAGAAAGATGTTAACATACAAAGGGGGAAACTAAAGCCAATAGATAATCAGAGAATTGTGGATTTAATTCAACATTAGCTCCTATCTTTTTCTCAGGCAGAAGGATACATGAGATCTAAGTACA
>Human| chr10:47048748-47050247 | element 200146 | negative
AGTCAGGCCAGCCCCAGGTTCCAGTTTTATACTCCTCTGTAGGTGCTTTTGTTCCAACCTTGGTCCAGATTCACTCCTAAATTCATCAGGGTTTCCACTCCTTGAAGTCAAAGAGGTCTAATGAACACAGCACTTTATGCATATTACCTTTCTCAGCCATCAAATCAttacaaattagaacttggaactggagagagcaagttacttgcctaaggacacagctattaGACAGGTGTATGGGCTTCCCAAGTGATGCACCAATCCTCCCTCTCCCCAAGCAGGATGCAGAGGGCAGCAAGGGAGGGGTTCCAAATGGGTGATGTGGTGCTCTCGCAGCAACCCAAGGCTCAGGTTCAGCTCTAGCCCTCAGTACTGAGCTAAAACTggccaggtgcagtggctcatgcttgtaatcccgtcactttgggaggccgagttgggcagatcacttaaaggtcaggaatttgagaccagcctggccaacatggtaaaaccccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaaaaaaattagccaggtgtggtggtgtgcacccatagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggtgggagaattgcttgaacctgggaggcggaggttgcagtgagccaagatcacaccactgcactccagcctaggcaacaaagtgagaccttgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaagaaaataaaaagaaaaaaGACAGTACTGAGCTAAAACTGAAGACAGTTAGGGAGGCCCTGGTCATCCTCTCACCCCTTCTCCCTTCATGTCCATTCACCCCCAGCCCCAAGCCCAGCCAGTGGTCACTGGGGCCACACGTCCCCATCTTTGTGCTTTGCACATGGGTCCTCTGACCCAGCTGCCTCCCACCTGGATCTGCCTGAAGAACTCTTCAATATACAGCTTCTGTTATCAGACGCTCATTTCGGGGGGACAGCTGCCACAagtgtggcctctgcagccagagatccaagttcaaatcctgattctgcctctagtgagctgtgtgatcacagtcaagttatttcacttctctgaatctcagcttttcatctgcaaaaGCTGTCCCAAGGTCATTTTAATAAATGCATACAATAGCTGCTGCGAAGCGCTCAGTATTGCTGAGAACTACTGGCGTCTATAAAGTTCTGAGTCAGGGTTAACAGCTGTGGCAtgtatggtaattgtttgcttgcgaatcatccttcccctcagctgcctgtgagttcctcagggagaggagccatctttgattcagggctatgttccagtgcctgaaataaggcatacctcggaaatgcttgttaaacaaaggaaGGAACGTGAGAGTGAATGATGACAACTCTCTTTGCCAAACATTCTACCAGTGACTCCTTTGCGAAAACTGGCTGCAGGATGGTGATTTTGATTTGCTGTAAACCTAGTGCCAATTGCTTCCATCTGAGCTTTAGATAGGTGAAGAGCCTCCCCTCGCCCCGG
>Human| chrX:146192252-146193751 | element 200147 | negative
agactgggggcaaatatttaaaattcttaaagaaaagaaattccaacccagaatttcatatctggccaaagtaagctttataagcaaaggagaaataagatccttttcagacaagcaaatgttgattgaattcattaccaacagacctgccttacaagaactcctgaaggaagtactaaatataaaaaggaaagaccgttaccagccactacataaacacactgaaggatacagaccagtgacactatgaagcaaccacatgaagaagtctgcaaaataaccagctaactacatgatgacaggattatatacacatatatcaatactcaccttaaatgtgaatgggctgaaagccccaattaaaagacacagaatgggaagctgaatggagaaccaagaccaattggtatgctgtcttcaaggcacacatctcacatgcagtagtatatacataggctcaaaatacagagatggagaaaaatctaccaagcaaatggaaaatagaaaaaaagcaggaattgcaatcctacagtagtagtgggagactttagcatcccactgacaagacagatcaggacagaaaattaacaaagatatttaggacctgaactcagcactggatcaaatggacctgatagatatctacagtactctccactcaaaaacaacaaaatacatattcttctcacttccacgtggaacatactctaaatttgatcacataattggaagtgaaacactcctcagaaaatgtaaaagtactgaaattataacagtctttcagaccacagcacacaaaaaaatagaattcaacactcaaaaattcactcaaaaccatacaattacatggaaattaaacaacatgctctgaaatgacttctcgataaacaataaaattaaggtagaactcaagaagttcttcgaaactaatgagaacaaaaatacagcataccagaatctctgggacacagctaaggcattattaataggaagatttatagcactaaatgcccacatcaaaaagtgacaaagattacaagttaacaacctaacatggcaaccaaaagaactagagaaccaagagcaaacaaatacctcagctagcagaggacaagaaataaccaaaatcagagctgaactgaagaagattcacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacaatgttcagaagatcaacaaatacaggagatggcttcttgaaaaaataaataatatagatagaccactaactagaccaataaagttaaaaagagagaagattcaactaaacacaatcagaaatgagaagggtatcaccactgatatcatagaaatacaaacaaccatcaaagaatattacaaacacctctatgcacataaactagaaaatagagaagaaatgaacaaattccttgacacatacacctcccaagaatgaaccaggaagagactgaatccctgaacagaccaataataagctctgaaattgagtcagtaat
>Human| chr18:37028202-37029701 | element 200148 | negative
gaccctgtctccaaaaacaacaacaacaacaaAGCAGatagctgatataaagatggaggcagtaaatatgcaagatgaacctggagcatcttagaatgccagacggaaaagaacagctacaaaaagaaaaagaaaagaaaagagaaatagagatagaaagaaagacagaaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaagaaaagaaaagaaagagaaagagagagggaaaaaaggcctaaagaaagaCCCACAATGATGGGTGTACATCAAAGAAAGAAAGAGAGAGAGACAAAAGCCCAAAGAaagaagacccacaatattgggtgtataaccaaagaatataggagtcaactgaaagagctctcataactatttttggaacaacttgagaaacaaaataaatattgttgggaaataccctaaagtataaagtaaatacccatgaatttataattatttaaataataaacaaattgagaggaagagaaatctcccatgtagaagaattacaaataatccatgcagatcctctcttatcaaagagctgcagcataaaatcccacttctgaagcgtgggctatgcatagtgatttccttccaaagagaacaatatgcaaaaggagacaataaagaacaactttcccattgagaaacctgacgaacactactgagccaggtggacaaagtcaacatcaacaatgataagtcatgttgctagtatgtaatcttggtctgatgtgatgagaatatcactttacctctgtagttatcctcccaaaactgtaactccagtctaatcatgagaaaatcaccagacagatccaaatcaagcaatattctacaaaacagtcgaccagtatttgtcacactgccaagatcatgaaaaacaggaaaagtctgagatattgtcacaactatcaggagtctatggaggcatgatgactaactctaatgtcatagcctgaatagaaaaaaaaagacattatattaaaactaaggaaatatgcataccatattgattttagttaataatagtaatacatcaatattaatttattcattgtgacaaattcatcataataaaggaatattgatgttaataataaaggaagatgagtgagaggcatatggcatcccagtatcatctctaccatttttcagtaaatatcaacttgtgtgaaaaaaaaagtttattAAGAAAAAAAAATGTTTGACATGTTTTGTCTTAGTATTCATACTTTATATGAATCCCCAGTTATAGTCTTCAGGAATAGTGACACATTAAGCCTTCATAGGCTTGTAAGTTGTAATATGAAAGCACAGGCACATAAACATACATACATACAGTCATAGGAGGTAGGGTTTGTAATGACAAAATAAAGCAAAATAAAGGTAGAAGAGCATTCAAGACATGTAATCTTTTTCACGTACTTCTGTATCCAAGAAACCCATGTAACACGTCTTC
>Human| chr14:41886897-41888396 | element 200149 | negative
catgcccattcattttgtctctggctgctttcacccttgagtggctattaaatagttataacagagacaatatggcctgcagagcttaaactatttaccatctggccatttacaaaaaaagtttggtgatccctCGTCTATATTATCATTTTATATTGAGCATGTTAAGACCAAATTAGTTGTTTCTAGACTAATGGTAGCTATATCATACTGAAAGGAAAAGATTGAACATTGACTAGAGTGTCAGAGAAAAATCCATTTTTTCTCCTTCCTATAAAAAGCAAAAAACATATATAGTTATCTACACTGCATGTTGTTGGACCCTTGAAAAATGTAATTTTCTTTAATTACCCTTTTTAGTAATAACATCTATTTATATTAAGGATTCTTGTAATAAATAGTCCTATGAGCTTTTTATTGTACATTATAAAGATATTATCGAGAAAGATATTATTGAGTTTTTAAATTCATTATGTTATATCATACTATACATTCATTTCTCCCAAGAGAAATGATCATGGTGCCTAATGATATTAAAAATCTTCTCAGAAGTTTGTTTTTATCTCATGAATATAATAAATTGTGTAAATGATACTAACTTTGCCCTTTTTTCAAATTAAAATTTAAATGACAAATTTATACTTCACTTTTGGTGAACTGGTAAATTCTGAAATTGAAAACCACTCCAAAAGTCCATGATATTGCTGAAACTGCTGAAATATATGTCATTAGGCTGAGAGAGGCTAAAGAACGTCCACagctagagaggaagcctaccctaccacctagcatccagctttcaatccagttttcttcttgtatttacataggcaataactcataaaagtaaaaataaaattgtgtttttacaggtgaaaagaaagcacttgataatgctTTGAATATAAAAAAGGGGCCTAAAATGGTCCTTATTTAGAAAATTTAAAAAAGAAACTAAAAATAGAATAGCAAATTCTCAATACTGCCCAGATTTATGGCATTCAAAAACATATATAGTCATTCAATAAAATAAATTTGTGgagtgttatcaccactgcaaaagttgctcaataatagtgatggaattttagtaaaatttgaaaagaccggtaactggtcctttgaagttgtgtagtcccaggaaacatgGCATTATTTTAAAAAGTTCTTTGCCTTTGTGAAAGCACAAGAGAGAAAAAGAGCATTAGGGTTTCTTCTTGACTGCGGAAAAATACTTAGAAAAGAAGGGGTATAACCAGAACAAGAAAGTGCAACAGTAACGAAACTCACTTAGTTTTAAAGCAAGATGCCTCTgaaaggggagtatcatggttaaatgcagccaagcacatactgattcttccgttgtggtaacgtgggatgtttgagctctgcctaatctatagtcgtgctaatcaaaagtcatgacaaaaaaacagagaaatcttattcttccattgggtatcccattaaaatacctgcatcatggcacagcttatt
>Human| chr14:52417966-52419465 | element 200150 | negative
CACCTTGCCTCCCTAAGAAGTCAAACAACAAAGAGGTTTAATGAAAGTTCATAGTCTATGTGTTTCTTTTTTTCCTCTCCCTCCCCAGACCTAACCTGACAGCTTTGCTGTAAGCTGGGGCTAATTCATCTGGAACCAAGACTTTAAATTCAAACCCTTCGTTGGTAGTTTTCAGATGAAAACCTTGGCCAATATGCTGTCGTTATTAATAGATAGCTATGGCACGGTGGCAAAGTAAATTTCTGTTAACCATCAAAACTTTACTGCCCCAGAAGTAAAATGCCTTACCCAAGAATTCTATGAAATGCAGCTCAGACACATATCTCATTGTACTAAGCTAAAACTACAACCTTCTTCCAAATGCCCTTTTAAAACTAGAATATTTTTCCTATTTTCTCCATACCTAATTCAGCACCTGGGCAATCCAGCTGTCCTTTGGAGTCTGACAgggtcaataaaatttggctcatgggccaaagccagcccactgcctatgtttataaagaaagttttattagaacacactcatttacatattgtctatggctgctttcactctaaaacagcagagtagggtggttgtaacagagaccatatggcccacaaagctaaaatatttattctctggtgtttcacaggaagttcactgacccctgGTCTACAGCGAtggttctcagctcatctgtgcgttcccaacacccagagagctctataaaaggaccaattaccgaaccacacccaaaccaattaaattagaatctcctggggtatgattcaggcatcagtattttttaaaaagaatttttcagttcattccgatgtatagccaaggttgagaaccactgTCCTATGGGAAGGAGTTTACTTCTGCTAAGTCTCATCAGGTATGTGCTAGAGAGTGAAGAGAGAGCTCTTCTTTCTCTACAAGTAAGATGAGCAAATACCCATGGACATTTTCCCATTATCCTAAATCTCCTTTGTAAAATTTGATGCCTAGTAATGGACCACAGGATTTAATCAGCTCCTGCTCTTCTTTCAACAGCCTTAATTCTTCTTCTTTCTTCATGACTGAGATCACTAAAGCGACCTTACCGTGCTCCTTTGCCATCTTCCTCTTCTCCTCTTTTCTTGCTTCTTCTTTTTCACTCTCTTGCTGAAAAAGCACAAAGCAACAGGTGGGCACAATACCTGCTGAGAGAAGTAAGGTGGCCCATGGATTGTCAAATCAGAAAGGGTCATTCAGTTCTTTTTGAGGGAGAGGAGGTTCTGCCCATGGGCCTTCTGGAAAATACCACTTTGACTTTTGAGGTGGTCCAACTATGATAAAAGTCTGTGAAGCTTTACTGTGGTTGATGTTTTCTGTTAATATTCAGCATCCCCAGTTACTGTTCCTGAAGGAGGATATGATGTGCTCATGGGTGATGAAAACTGACAGCAGAAGAAAGATAATAGAAATAGAGCTTTTCAGAAAtagtttagacttttatcatccctcacctg
>Human| chr10:67193439-67194938 | element 200151 | negative
ATTTTCTTTATAAAACAGATCCATTGATCAATCATGGTATTAACAAAAATTAATGGAAATAATTTATGGAAGAAGACCGGACATATATTTCCTTGATAAATTAAATTTTTTTTCTAAAATACATAGAAATAAGTCAATTAAGAAGATTTACAGCCAGAGGAAACAACAACATTGCTCAAGAAATTTAAATCATCCTGAGTCTTAACAGACACTACAGAAGTGGATAGTAGAGTGAGGAACATGTATAAACATATGCAATCATAAGACTTTCTGTCAAGTTTCAGACTTAAGTTATCCTAAAAGTAGCCAGAGGTTCCTTCATCTTGTCCTGATACAGCTTATCAGTCTTGGAGAAATTTacacacacacacacacacacacacacatacagacacatatacatacaaacatatatataattataatgtaggtaatatacctttattcatttatttatattaatatatgtctttatatattgtatatatgtaATTAGAAGGTAATTATACCTTCCAATCCCATACCTACACAAATATCTTCTAATTCTATACTTacacaaatataaaaaaaattctcatttatcaacttcaggattttcagctgatatagtctgaggaattcctgaacataatgctgcAAACCACATTCAGATGAGTTTCCAGATGTAGCTCTTCAACTCGTCAAAAAATAATTTCTTCTATATTTCCTGATATTTTGGTAGAAAATCCTGACTCTACTTTAGATAGATAATGTGGTACGGGTCATAAGATGACTCTGCTGTTGTTAGCAACAAACTAAACATTTACTTACTTCTAGGGAATTGGTGGCTGTGTCCATTGTCTGACATTATATTTATCTTATGCTCCAATCAGATTTTTCACCCTTCACCCCTTGTGCTCATTTATTTTCTCATCCACACCCACACCTTACTTATTTTCTAGTTTTGTTGGGAAATATGTAAGGTGTGGCTGCAGATGTGCAAATCAGTCTTCATCTACATTGAAACAAATTGCTTGTCATCTTCATGAATAAGCCCCGCATTTATTTTCTTAGGATGTAGCCTTCTCCAATTCTTACCAAGTACATATGATTTTTCTTGTCCTTTGAGATGTTAGAGAACTTTCTGCATCTCATTTGACCTCTGTTACTCTCTATCTTAGAGTATAATACATGTTTATCTCCTTTATGACATTATGTCCATCATTGTATCCTACCACATTATGTCCACTGTGCTTTATATGTCCTAAATATATATGTGAAATATAACACATACATTTGTATTTATTGTTTTGCTCATTCATGAGTGAATACAATGTCTGCGTGTTGGAGTGTTTGACAAACCTGGAGCTGACTCTCACATAATTTTCTTATTTTAATATTTAAGTTTCttattttatttagaatgtgattgaactgtataaacacaaagagcaaaagccagaggattttcatgtttatttctcatcaaatataattcccaaacaatacacctatcttact
>Human| chr14:53554378-53555877 | element 200152 | negative
agtgtatagaggaaaatatatagcactaaatgcccacaagagaaagcagaaaagatctaacattgacaccccaacatcagaattaaaagaactagagaagcaagaggaaacaaattcaaaatatagcagaaggcaagaaataactaagatcagagcagaactgaaggaaatagcgacacaaaaaacccttcaaaaaaatcaatgaatccaggagctggttttttgaaacaatcaacaaaattgatagaccgctagcaagactaacaaagaagaaaaaagagaagaatcaaatagatgcaataaaaaacgataaaaagattatcactactgatcccacagaaatacaacaaactaccatcagagaatactataaacacctctatgcgaataaaccagaaaatctagaagaaatggataaattcctggacacatacacctttcccccaagactaaaccaggaggaagttgaatcactgaatagaccaataataggctctgaaattaaggcaataattaataacctaccaaccaaaaaaagtccaggaccagagagattcacagccaaattcttccagaggtacaaagaggagctggtgccattccttctgaaaccattgcagtcaacagaaaaagagggaatcctccctaactcattttatgaggccaacatcatcctgataccaaggcctggcagagacacaacaaaaaagagagaatttcagaccaatatccctgatgaacatcaatgcaaaaatcctcaataaaatactggcaaaccaaatccagcagcacatcaaaaagcgtatccaccaagatcaagttggcttcatccctgggatgcaagtctggttcaacatatgcaaatcaataaacgtaatccatcacataaccagaaccaaagacaaaaaccatgtaattatctcaatagatgcagaaaaggcctttgacaaaattcaacagcacttcatgctaaaaactctcaataaactaggtattgatggaacatatctcaaaataataagagctatttatgacaaaaccacagccaatatcatactgaatggacaaaaactggaagcattccctttgaaaactggcacaacacagggatgccctctctcaccactcctattctacatagtgttggaagttctggccagggcaatcaggcaggagaaggaaataaagggtattcaattaggaaaagaggaagtcaaatcgtccctacttgcagatgacatgattgtatatttagaaaaccccattgtctcagcccaaaatctccttaagctgataagcaacttcagcaaagtctcgggatacaaaatcgatgtgcaaaaatcacaagcattcttataaaccaataacagacagagacaaatcatgagtgaactcccattcacaattgcttcaaagagaataaaatacctaggaatccaacttacaagggatgtgaaggacctcttcaaggagaactacaaaccctgctcaatgaaataa
>Human| chr15:69816050-69817549 | element 200153 | negative
TGAGATATTTATTATGCCCTGCAAGTTACTGATGCTGGTGGAATTAGGTCCTTGGGCTTCTTGGTCTCCTGGCCTCTGTGGTCCAGCCAGCCTCTTCCCCTATCCCTCAAGGATTACTTCTACGatctccgaacttcagggctgagagggacttaaatggtgatctaaccctaacacatcatgttaccaatacaggaGGCAACcaaccttgcaaggtggggatgtgtgtatctcccatcttacaggagagaaaacagaggctcagtgaggttaaatgactttcaccaggtcccacaagtaagaagtgatagaTTAAAGCTCTTTTGTTTGCAGGCATCAGAAATGTCTAGTCAGTTTAAGCAAAGGAGAGGAACATGGATCCTGGGGGGATTTCACAGAATGGCAAGAAAATCAACTAATTTGGCCTCCATGGGTGGGGCCCGGGGTAGCTCAAGATTGGCAGCAACAGTCTGTGGCTCTTTCTGTCCTGAACCTGCTCTCAGGGATGAGCACTAGCCCCAGTCCAGCCCAGACCCTGTATCTCTCAGGTCTAAAATTCAGGTTGCTGGGATAGAGGTTCTAGATGGACCCCTTGGATCACTCAGCAGTGGTCAGAGGTCAGGGGGTTACTAGCATAGTTATGGAGGATTTGTTTTGAGTCCTGTAGTGAAGCCCTGACAAGAACACCACAGGTGTCAACACCTGGTCGATGTGGGTCTTCCAAGGCTCAGCCGGGGCCTCTGTTCTGTCGCACAGTCACACAGTCTGCTCTCCAGTAGCTGCAGGCTAATCCCAGCTGTAAGGTCAGCCGAGGAAACGGAAGGTGCTGTTTGCATTTTAATAAGGAATCCAAAAGACCAAAGGCCTCTGGGTCCTAAAAGACTGGTTTTCTCAAATGGTGCAAAGTCCAGGTATTGTAACTGATGGGGCACCAGGGGTAAGGAGCCCTCCCTGGTACTTCCCGTCACACCCACACAAGTGTGCCTCCAACTTATAAAGTTCACCTGTTTATCTTGCTGCCGCTTGTTCCCCCAACTCCTTTCCATCTCCCTCTCCAAGGATTCAGTAATATGTTGTCTAGACACTACTGCTGCTGTTTCTCCTCCATTAATCCATTTTAATTGGAAAGTTATCATAATGCAAACTCTCTTTGGTATTATTTGCGGCTCTGCATTATTAGAACCTCACCAACTCGCTTTCCCAGCAAATTAAACTTGCTATGGAAGCAATGAGATCAGCTGCTCATATTAAATCAGGCCGCACGTTGTTAAGTGGGGCTGGGAATGGGGCTTCCTCAGCTGGGTGGGGCGCAATCGCTGGAGGCGTTTACAATGGCACCACTGTTTTTATGCTGGGGATTTGGCCTCTGTGCTCAGTTCTCCTCTTTTTTTGGCACTGTGTATTGGAAATTAGAGATGGAAAGAAAGAGGGGACAAAAAACCCTCTGGTGGTATTTGGCCTCTCACCCCAAACCCAGGGCAAACAGCAATGATCAGAATG
>Human| chr5:93554719-93556218 | element 200154 | negative
TAGCTCATAAAggtccccaaactttttggcactagagactggttttgtagaagacaatttttccacagatgggggcggggagaagagacagttttggaatgattaaagcgcattacatttattggcactttatttctattattattacattgtaatatataatgtatatacatgtatatattattacgtgtaatatatacagtgacagatcatcagatattagattctcatagggagtgtgcaatctagatccctcgcatgcacagttaacaacagagttcacgttcctatgataatctaatgttgccgctgatctgagaggaggtggagctcaggttcactcacttgcccaccactcacctcctgctgtgtggcctggtccccaagagcccatggaccagtaccatctgtggcctgggggttggagacccctgAGCTATATGAACAGATTATAAAAATATATCCCATGTCACAATATTTAAATAcagttacgtactgcttaacaatgaggatacaatctaagaaatgcattgataggcaacttcatcattgaacatcatatagagtggacctacacaaacctaggtggtagagcctactacatacctatatagtatagtgtattgctcctaggctacaaacctgcacagcaagttactgtattggaatactgtaggtcattgtaacacactggtaattgtgtgtctaaacataactatatatagaaaaggagtaaaaatatcatatgaaagataatggtgcacctttatagggcacttaccatgaatagggcttgcaggactagaagttgcactggtgagccagtgagtgagtggtgaatgaatgtgatggcctaggatgttactgtacactactgtagaacttataaacactccacacttaggctacactaaatttataaaaactattttttcttcaataataaattaaccttagcttactgtagttctttacctttataaatgttgacatttttaaacttttgactcttgtaataacatttagcttaaaacacaaatacattgtatagctgtgcaaaaaattctttctccatatccttattctataagcttttttcctattttaaaaacattttattttttacttctgaaattttttttgttaaaaactaagactgaaacacacacattatctgaagccaacacagggtcagagtcatcaatatcactgtcttccacttctacatcttatcccactggaagttcttctggggcaataacacacatggggctgtcatctctcatgacaattctgccttctacagtatctcctgaaggatccacctaaggctgttttacagttaacattttttttttaataagtaggagtacactataacaatgaaagtagagtgaaggaaatatataaaccagtaacatagtcatttgttaatattgtcaagcattatttactatacataattttatgtgctatactgcacttttatatgactggcag
>Human| chr12:106245707-106247206 | element 200155 | negative
TGAAAAGACAAAGTTTATTTGTAaaactgttaaccaggcttatctctagattgtaggattataggtatttttttctgcttcttgagaatgttttatactttcccacctatttttcttttctttcttttttttttttttttttttttttaatttttgagacagggtctctctttgttacctaggctggagtgcagaggcgcaatcttggctcactgcaacctccgccttctgggttcaaatgattctcgtatgtcagcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggcgtgtgccaacatgctcagctagggttttggtatttttagtaggaatagtgttttgccatgttggccacgctggtctcaaactcctggcctgaagtgatccatttgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattataggcgtgagccactgtgcctggcccactttccaattttctacaatgagtatacaatacttttataaatagaaaGtaataaaatattaaaaatataaaaaGTCATCTGTAGTGTAAGAAAATAATATAATTTTGccacttgttaaggacatagtaaaagactttcctacactagcagaaatgtcagcatcaacgacttcaagaccatatctaatgctaaaattccatgTATTTGATGTATCTTTTTGGTCATTCAAATTTCACTCTTTCGAGGAGTAAGAACAGCAAAGCAATCTCCAGATAGCGTATGTGATTAACAGACTTACTCAGATAATCATTGCAACTCTCATCCGAAAACGAAACCTGAACTCAGATACTATCTGTTTCACATTCCTTCCTAACCTGATGTAGTCAAGGAGACTAGAAGCTTCAATCCTGCAACAGGAATAAAATAATGTTTCAGCCTAGGAGCTTTCAGTTTGTTTCTGCCCACTTCTGGATCCACTTGGGAATATGTGTGATACTGCGGCCAAATTTCCCCCGGGATATcttgagtttggatccctgactctgaagccaatgcgccgtgtaatcttagacaaattcacaaaccagtgccttagtttcTGGCTATGTAGGGAATAGGAAGAAGGGCAGGGCTGCAAGTGATAACTTCCCTGAAGAATGTTGGAAAACTCCCTAACACTTTTCACAGCTCTGAGATAGTGTAAGCAGGGGTCAGACTCCACCAAAGGTCAAATGGACACATGCCCAGTGACCTGGGGATACCAGGGGTGGGGAGCAGAGGGGTGGCCTAAACTTAGTGCACTTTCCACAAAGACGGATGGAAGCAGATGTGGCTCTGGCTCTCAGGAAAGGAAGTCTATTCTAGTATACTCACATCCTGAAGATTTGCCCAGCCTACTCGGCAGAGGCCACTGGACCTTGGGTGTGAGGTTAAGAGCCAAATCCTAAATACCTTGAGCCTTCTCCAATTCTACAGTAGTGGGAAAACATCTTGTGTTGGTTGACCATGAGATGGCCTGCCAAGAAGGAGAAGGGAAGTCTCTGCTGTTTGCAGCATCTT
>Human| chr12:118634573-118636072 | element 200156 | negative
AATTTATTCCCTGCCTTCTTTTTGGTTTTGTTGGTCTattcattcattccacagttatttactgagcatctatgctgcgccaggcactattctaggtattggATTTGTTATTTGTCCAAAGTAAAATAAAACTAACAGAGGCAGATAGAACTATAAATTAGTTTCCTCATTCCTAAGTTTAATATACAAAATTTTCTGTTGAGAGTTAAAAATCCTATTTATGTTCCCAAGTGAAAAAGTGTTAGGAATTTGAGTAAACCATCCAATACAAACTTCATGAATAATTTTTATTTCTATTGTTTTTAAAGATAACATATTTTAAAGCTCAGGTACAAGAACTAAATGGATTTCATGAAAAGATACCATATCTTAAGTTTTCATATATATTCTATTTTTTGAGCTCACTTACATTTTAAAGGTAACTCATCCAAAGTTTTATTTGCAAATGTGTTTTGATTTTCTTCCATCATATTTCCTCTATATATTTCATGATAAAATAGGAATATATAACTTAAATTCTTCCTGACCTATATATTTTTTGTGGATCAAATGCAATTATCTTCTACTTCAGAATATAAATTTTATCTGTTCTACTTAAGTCATCACACATCAGGGAGAGAAAAGTATTGAAACACTCATATTATCACAAGGTAGGTCTATGACAGCATGCAAAAATAAAATTAAAAATCCCATTAGTTCTAGACCAGGGTTTTCTTTCTTGTTGATTATGCCAGTAGTGTCTTTCTTCTAATTCTGGTTGCCTATCTGAGAAGTCCTGGAGCAAAAAGATCCAACTGAATTCCTCTCTTTTGCCCCCTCTACTCATAGAGCCCCAGGGGTAATAGAAAGGAAAGTGCCAGACCTGTCAGCACTCATGATCACTCCCTCCAAAAAGACAGCCCAGCAAAACCttctttttttttttttttttttttttgagacggagtctcactgtgttgcccaagctggagtgcagtggcgcaatcctggctcactgcaagctccgcctcccaggttcacgccattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggactacaggtgcctaccaccacacccggctaattttttgtatttttagtagagacggggtttcaccatgttagccgggatggtctcgatctcctgacctcgtgatccgcccacctcggccATTGCGCCTGGCCTCAAAACCTTCTTTTTTACTCTTCAAATACATGATCACTTGCCCATGTTGAAAGGACACCAGCTGGCAATGCTGATCTCTTGGTAGATTTCTGCATCTGTCTGACATCTTTGCTTTCCTCAAATTGCTTCCATGTCTTCCTGataatctgggtcctttgctgtctctctggtcctgaggcactgtccacatagcacaccagccatagcttctatggccttccccttttccttgaacatacaaagctctctctgtctcagtgctcttgtacttgttgctttctgactcatccccatctcttaccccagctggct
>Human| chr5:79377605-79379104 | element 200157 | negative
acactccagaagtgtatggaatgcaggacaggttttgattgttctcgccagggcattgctcgccatccagcatccctggctgccatcactcagtgccactgtgacaacccaaagtgtccccacagattcctccaactctacttagggagtgctgtctcctgtggagaatcattgCTCTGAGATTCCACCAAAAGATATAAATCAGACCAAAGGAAAAGCCAAAGTTTTTAAGCATGGTATCTAGACAAGGCAACTCACATGACAATAAGACACAAAACTTTCTCACTCAAGATAGCAGGTTTGGTTTGGTTTGATTTTTAACTCAAGTTTGATAGTGTGACCAACATCATGTTAGGCCTTGTGAGAGACAGAAGTTGGGAAGAAACACCCCCCACCCCCCTCCACACACACACGgacacacacggtccctgccctcaaggacttccagtctagtaagtaagtggcaacagctacagtacaatccaggtcagcgaaaaatgGAGCCTAAAACAGAGCAAAGAAAGACGCAGGTACGTATAAGAAGTGGGGCCCCTGGGCCTCACAGTGGGCACTTTACCCCGGGTTGGATTTCATGGAGGCCCCTCCGGCCGTGTTGTCCGCAGGGTACGATTTTATGAAGGCTCTGAGTTGGTGGCTGACTCTGGCGTCACCATAGACACCACAATGCGTGGAGGCCGACTTGGCGTTTTCTGCTTCTCTCAAGAAAACATCATCTGGTCCAACCTCAAGTATCGCTGCAATGGTAATGTGCATTCTCGTTACTGTTCAACATTGTTACTAGAATTAGTCAAACACTGCCACCTTATTTTTATACCGCACTTCCCCCCCAAAAGCCCAACGCTCATACCACATAGTCATTAAAACCTGATAGTCCCTGTGTACCAGAAGTAAAAAGCAGATCACATTTATCCTATTTTATCCATGTGGAAATTAAGACCCATAGAATTTAACTGCATGGTTTAGGGTTTGGGGTTCAGTGAGAAATCCAGTCAGATTTAATTTACAGGAAGCCTTTATTTTCATGTGGTTAAAACATAATCACAGATGCAAAATCCATTCTGCCTGCTGATTTTCTGCACGGCCGGGAAGGAGCACTCCTGGGCTTTAAGCCAACGGTTTGCAAAGCAGCCTGCAGGAGAAAATGGCGGCGAGGGCCTGCGGGGCGTCCTGGGCGGGCTAACAGCGCCCCCTACAGGACGCCTGAGCCGCGGGCGGGGGTCCGGGGTCCGGGGTGGAAGGAGCCTCGCTAACCTCCCTGTGCCCATTCCTATTGCAGACACCATCCCTGAGGACTTCCAAGAGTTTCAAACCCAGAATTTCGACCGCTTCGATAATTAAACCAAGGAAGCAATCTGTAACTGCTTTTCGGAACACTAAAACCATATATATTTTAACTTCAATTTTCTTTAGCTTTTACCAACCCAAATATATCAAAACGTTTTATGTGAATGTGGCAATAAAGGAGAAGAGATCATTTTT
>Human| chr2:201163029-201164528 | element 200158 | negative
cctcctgacttgtcttctgcaggttttacaaacacacagctcccataggccttccccatgaatcctatttgttagccACAGAATAATCTCCACAAAAGTATTTTCACTTTCTCTAACAGTAATTTTTAACTTAGACTTTAAATCTAAAGTTCATTACTAGCGTAAGTAGAGCACAATATCCTTTGGCTGAACTGGCTTCATTTATGAAGAAGCTGAATATAAAGATCCTTTCTGTCTTGGACTTTCTTATTCCACCTTCTTATTTAAAAGCTGCTGCCTACAATGCACCACAATGTATAtaataagtattttaataagtattttTTTAAGTTTCAAGTTGCATGTCATTTTGTGTCACAGGGGTGAGTCTAGACTCACATTTAGTTGTGCAATCAGGAAGACAAATGACAGTGGGAATATTTTTAAAAAACACCTATTATATCACTATCcattcattcactttttctgggccagtcactgtgctagacaccaggaccaaagaacacagtccctgctcagggagcgcataagtcccacaaaggaggccaatatACAGTTACCTAGTTATTGTGATAGAGCAATGCACAGGAATCAATAGGAACATGCGGAAAGGAGCAGCGAAGAGACCCTGGAATGTAGAGGTAATATAGTCTGATCAAGAATGCTAGGGAGCCAGTCAGAAGCCCTGGCTCTAATCCCACTTTTACAATTAATTATTATGCCATCtgttaatggctgaattgtgccatcccaaaaaagatctgttggagttctaacccctagtacttcagaatgaccttatttggagatagggtctttaaaatgaggtccttggggtgggccctaattcaatataactgatgtcctatgaaaagggggaaatttggacatagagacagacatatgtagagggaagatgatgtgaacagacacagggagaacatgggcatctgtaagctatgagagacctttccttcacagttctcagaacaaaccaaccctgcccgtattttcagcctccagaactgtgagacaactttcagcctccagaactgtaagacaatatattcctattgtttaagccactcagtttgtgggtttttattacaacatccctagcaaactaataTGCCATCTCAGTGTCACAAGCATATCCCAAGCTTCAGATACCACACTAGGCAAGGCCAGTCCCACATTTGGGAAAATTTGGGCAAAAGCACTCAGAGCACGACTAACCAGAAACATGCCTGCATCTGCCTGCAGCTTGTTCTTATGCTGTGACCCAGATGAATTCAAAGGTTTCTCTTTAAATACTGAATTTGAGTCTATGACAAGACCCATTAAACCTCCCCAGTGTGACATCCAGAAACAACACCAGTAGTCCTTTGCTTATAAGGTAAATAATATATACTATTGTAGATAATTTTAGAGTACAAGCTAAATTCAATAAAAATAAACTTTGTGTTAAATAACAGATCAACATGACATTACTTAAAacaa
>Human| chr12:13778243-13779742 | element 200159 | negative
AAGAGTCTGTTTCAGCTCACCCTAGTCTCCCAAGATCCCTGATGGTTGTGTCTAAAGGATTCATGGCAAGTGGCGACCGAAGTTCACAATGGGGGCCAGATAGGCAGAATGGTGGCTGGTGGCAGTGGGAGGCAGGGTactgacaagctgtgtgaccttgcatgaattatttaatctctctgtgccgggctcattagttttctGCAAGTATTTGCTATTTTTTCCTCCTCCTTCTCATTATAACTATTACTACTACAATTGAAAACATCAGTGCAGCTCCTTAATGTGACTTCCTCCCAGAAACATAATTTTTTGTGCAAGTGGCTTGCAATTGTCAAGGGGGAAATACTGAACAAATTCTACTTCCCAAGCTTTTAACTCAATTTTTTCCAAACATCAGGGCGAACTCTATGAGGTTCTTTTGGTTTCATTCATTATTTTCATTCACGTGCAAATAAAAACAGAAATCACAGGAATAAAAATGCCAGTACCCTTCTGAATTTACCCAAGGTCTTGAATCCAAAGAGTCCCATTGAGCGAGGTGGTGCCTCGTcataaacccctccctgggacaagatgccattttagaaaagggcattaattcttttaggtcaGAGAATTTTGTAAACAGTTTGCTAAACAGGCTCAAATAGGTGGAAAGATTCAACAGGATTTCCTGAAGTATCTAATGCCTCTTGGCTCAAGGGCTCAAAAACTCCCAAGCCACAACTCTCCATCCTTGGGAAGCCATAATCCTCAGAGTCCTATTCTTAGACTTATAGGAGCTCAATCAGTGAGAACCGAGCTCTACCTTCTCCTTTGATGTGCCTTCCTCCAATGAAGACCTGTCTTCTGGAACAACAAAACTGGGTCCCAAACCATCTTCTGGGACATGCAGGACACAGTGAGGAACCACTCAAACAGACCACTCCCTCTAAATCAACTTCTTCCTGGACATGTGTGCACCATGCCCAAGGCCTTGGCTTGCTCCAGAACACAGCTCAGCAGCGATGCTGAACTGCTGACTGAAAATGATGGGTGGGTTCTAGGGATGCTGTTATAATCTGCTTTTGGGAACTGGGCCACAGGCTGCAATCACTGATACTGCTTGTCATCAGGTTACCTTGTCATTACTCTCTACCTTTATTCTCAAATGACAGTTGTGAGGGTAGAGCAAAAGTGTGTAATGTTGGACAATTCTGAACTGTGACTCTCTGGATTTGAGCACTGACTTGGCAAGGTCTTCATTAGTACTCAGGCAAATATGTATGTATGTGTATGTGAACTCATTCATTCACCCTACTTTATTCTAATTTGTCATATTAGTaaggaacatagactttgaagtcagaaatgcccaatttgaatccttgcttttccatcattggttgcatgtgattctggatgagttccttaatctttttaaccctGTGTTGTAGATGGCTACTGTTGAGCTACCAACCAGCCATCCCTACCTCTCCTTCTGACTCACTCTccccc
>Human| chr1:117590745-117592244 | element 200160 | negative
gtcccagtcaaagtgccagatgatgtggattttggtgaggactctctttctggcttgtagacaagccaccttctcactgtgtagtcacatggcatgacaaagaaggcaaactctctggtctcttcttagaagggcactaataccatcatgacccatcctcatgacctcatctaaacctaattatctcccaaaggccccatcttcaaataccaacacactgggggctgggacttcaatatgtgaattatgggaaacatcattcagactatagcCAAATTGACAGCATAATTAATGAACTGGACTGTGGCTTGTCCTGTACCTATCCAAGGTGTGCACTCTTCATGTCTGTTAACATAGTTCAGATGGAGTAAGTTATCTGAGTGCTACAGGTTTGGTATTTTTTACTGTGCATGTGTACACTTGGGTAGGATTACAACTTAAGAGCAAAACCAGTCAAGTGAACTGAGTAGAATTTCCCCACCTGCCACTTAGCAATGCTCCAGCTCTTCCATCAGAAATAGGTGATCACTGAAGTGTCAGAAACAGTGTCATCATGAAAGAGTGTAAAGATGGAAAGGGATTGCTTAAACATGCATGCAGAGCTCTGGGTGGGAATACAGAAACCCTTGACACCTCCTCCTCTGCAGCTGATCATTAATGCTGTTTCTGTCTGCCCTGAACTCAAGGAGAAATGTGGAGGGTCGAGCAGGGAGGATAGTGGGGAAAGCAGGAGAAGAAGAGAAACAGAGAGAAGAAACAGTGACAATTAGCACATAAGAGTGAGAAGGCAGAAATAAAAGCCAACAAACTACAGAGAAAAAAGAATTGACCAGCTTCTGCCCCATCCAGCTCTGCTCTGAGGCTCAAGTGGGTCTCTCGGATCCACCGTGCCAGCAGTGCTTGCAGCTCCCGAAGAAACTGCTGACCCAGAGAAGGAAGAAGGCTGAGTGCTTGCAGGAAGAAACCCTTCAGACACCAGGGGAGGCAGCAAGCCCCACCACACTGAGGCAAGGCCTGTCTCTGTGGTACAGCAGACAGGAGAAGTCCTGTCTTACTGTGTGTGGAAACAGGTGTGTGGGCTTCCGCTTAGAGTTAGGTGGAAGTTCAGTCTGCAAGGGAGGGTGAGAAAGTACTAAAGAGGAACAGAAGAGCTGGGAAGAGCTAGATCTTTTGAAGGGGATGTCTGCTTCTGCACCACGTGACAGTGGAGGATGCCTTGGATCTTCATCAAAAGAGGTAACTTCCTCTTCTCCTTGAGAGACGCAGCAAATCCCTCACTTACAACTTAGAACCTTCCTAGCTTTCATCCAAATGCATGTAAACCTTGAGAGAGCACCAAGAGGGAGAGAAAGGAGGCGACAGATTCTATAAGAAGTGAGACATGACAGTGTTGTGAGACAAATTGACGTAGGAGATGGTGGTGTGACTGAATCACTAGCCTAGTGTGAGGCGAGGGCCTCTGTTCTGAAGAGCCACCCCACTGAGGCCTCTGGGCTGCTT
>Human| chr9:100062698-100064197 | element 200161 | negative
tgtatatatatatatatatatatatataacttccattggatgatgaagtattgctgtgtatggcaactttatgggttggtggaccagataacactaagttcatgatgggcagctcagggcacatcgtaacttagtggcccacgcatgatcaagcattcagtttctactaagtcccagtagcaggtcaaaagctatctcttaaaagaagattagttatctgtagatgatggtagtgccttgctccaaaatcctaaagacaggagctgcaattcacctgtaggatgccaaaggctcccaacagcgtccctctctgctgctaacacctcaagtaccattgaacctgctggagcaatggtacttgtggcagaccaagtggcagaccagcttggacagctgcctggacctttgcagaaccttctcctgttttcagacccactcaaaactagcagctttttgggccacttggaaagtgcagagtaacatacctaaatgaagaatgtgttgcctccaaaatccaaacagccccaccaggcattgtgtctctttctggttgtaggaagagctagatgcaacatcttccccttcactttagaagggatagattgacgtaccccacaccacccaacccctaaaaatttcgctgaagtagaagtcttatgaattatagttagatttatttcccacttttctgacacacaaatgtcttacctataagtctagagtagttgctacttctcattcatcagatccaatcagtctaatgtcattaacgtaatagactagtgtgatatcttatggcaaggaagggtgatcaagataccacaaagatgttccagttctcctggaatcaatgtcagttcggagccagtgtccagtagtccctgaaatgtctgattatttccttttcttcaatacacagttaccgtggtaaagagctgtatgtcccttgtggaaggctgagagagagattaacagtactgtctaaattttcagttgtgtccttccttgaggaggcccaacttccccttcattcaaaggatttcaagtgtataaacaggctcaaaacttggaattgattgaggagccatgattatttgtttttagattcaaattagacttttggtgacttgacctggaatttttctgcttatatggatcatataagaatttagtagacttcctatctatttcacttctaagaacactgtaattaactagtcctacaatatgctgtggtcaagcaaaagaacccagaaaggtaatgatgtaattcagtctgagtctgaagacctgagaacctgggaagccactggtgtaaatGAGtagccaacattatagggctgtgcaattcagataattctgattgtttttttgactcagctattcattatggtaatttagaccaccttgtctgggctgttgagcctccacttgacccctgccagtccaaaatccaaatactcctattgcatttaggttttccagttgagtgactgtgtt
>Human| chr13:72775263-72776762 | element 200162 | negative
ataggcatgggcaaggacttcatgtctaaaacaccaaaagcgatggcaacaaaagccaaaattgacaaatgggatctaattaaactaaagagcttctgcacagcaaaagaaactaccatcagagtgaacaggcaacatacagaatgggagaaaatttttgcagtctactcatctgacaaagggctaatatccagaatctacaatgaactcaaacaaatttacaagaaaaaaacaaacaaccccatcaaaaagtgggcgaaggatatgaacagacacttctcaaaagaagacatttatgcagccaaaagacacatgaaaaaatgctcatcatcactggccatcagagaaatgcaaatcaaaaccacaatgagataccatctcacaccagttagaatggcgaacattaaaaaatcaggaaacaacaggtgctggagacgatgtggagaaataggaacacttttacactgttggtgggactgtaaactagttcaaccattgtggaagtcagcgtgctgattcctcagggatatagaactagaaataccatttTCTTTTCTTTCACTCTGTTTTTggtgaaataatatcttcccaaagatatctacattcaaatccttggaacctgctaatatgtttgttaccttatgtggcaaagggactttgcagttgtgattaagttaaggatcttgagatgaggaagttatacctgattactggccatgtccaatgtaatcacaatggtccttataagagggggacagggaggccaaagtcagagagggagctgtgacaacagaagcaaggttgaagtggtgcagggccatgagccaggtttccagcaacctctagaagctggaaaaggccaggaaggaaacaaattgtcccctagagcctctagagggaacacagcctgccaacctaattttagacttctgatgtccagaattgtaagataataaatttgtgttgtttcaaatcactacatttgtgataatttgttacaacaacaaaaaactaatacaTTGATGAACATATATTTCGGTTATTTGTGCACAGCAATATACACTGGCATAGTTGCCAATCATTTAAGTCATTTGTTTAGTAATTACTGTTTTCTTACCTTTTCACATTCATGCTCAAGTAACTATAGAATTCATAGTTATCTTGTTTAGGAACGGTTCAATGGTAAATTTAAAAAAATCTCAAACAAGAAATCATCACAGTCTTTAGAAATAGATGACAAATTGGAAAGCCTGTCAGCAACTCTGCACGTACCTAGCCATAAAAAGAAAATGTCGTGACCATCTGCAGAAGGTCAAAACAGTGTGAACAGAGAAGTGGGAAAAAACCTACTTAAAGTGTTGTAGGACAACGCCACTGTGGATAGCTGGCCAGATACAATTCCTTCCAGAGCACAGGGTCAGAACTGTTTACGGTGGGCCTTTTAGGCAAATTGAAGAAGGGATGGGGCCAGGAGGTTTGTGATAGACCAAACCTGATACT
>Human| chr14:75424463-75425962 | element 200163 | negative
ctgctatgctccaggaactgctctaggtgctagggatatgatatggagggtctctctgagtttacattcatggagtagggggataccgaTGGCTGGGGATGCCGAAGTTCTCTTTCCTGAGTGAACTCAACACCTTGGGCGAAGTCTGTGGTTCCCACAAGTGCACCTCAGTCCTTCATCACTAAATTGGGGACCATACCCTTCTAAACCCAGCTTCCTGGGCTGTGAGATGAATTAGCCTAGGGTAGGCTCAGCGGCAGAGACCAAGGAGACTCTAACATTTCCATGGATTGAATCAAAGTTTGTTCTTGCTCACATCCAGTCCAGAGCAGCTGTGCTAGTAATTCTGCTCCCTTGttttttttttaaatttttgtaattttaattttaatttttagaaacgaggtcttgctctctctcccaggctacagtgcactggtgtagcactggctatagctcactgcagcctccaattcctgggctcaagggatcctcccgcctcagcctccagaataactgggtctacaggtgtgtgctaccatgcccagttaatttaaaaactttttttttttgggggtaaagacagggtcttgccatcttgcccaggctgTGCTCCtttgtacactggccccactattgaccagccacatcgcctcaagcagcttcctttgctttcagagccccagcttcctccatctgtaggagtgggaatgataacagtacttacctcatagggttgtgcgaggactgaGAAAGCACCTTTGGTGCAAAGAATGGTAGCAATTGATCACGATTTCTAATTTAATTTTTGACTTGTATTAGAGAAATAAAAATACTACAGTTAgaccaggtgcagtggctcacgcctgtaatcccaacactttgggaggccaagaaggacagatcacctgagattaggagttcgagacccgcctggcaaacatggtaaaaccccgtctctacttaaaatacaaaaattaactgggcgtggtgggaggcacctgtaatcctagctactcgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttgaactcaggaggcagaggtttcagtgagccgagatcgtgccactgcactccagtctggacgacagagtagaactccatctcaaaaaaacaaaccaaaacaaacaaacaaaaaacaaacTACAGTTACAGAGCAGAGTCCTGTAGCATGGACATGAGATAGAAAATAAAGAATCTTATGCTTCTGCCTGTGGCAGTGGAGAAAGAAAATGGAGCGATTTGCATAGGTGCACACAAACACTAATTCTCACCATCACAGTGCAGGCTCTCAATCCTCAACTGTCACTGAGGCCCTTGAAGTAGACCCAGGTGCTTAGGGGGTGGCAGTCAGTGCCCACAACTCAACACTTAACTGTTTATCACCACAATCTCTTGCTGTTGTTTCAGGGAGagaagtaatatttattgaacatctattatatgccaaacagtgtgcttggtgctctaaccaccttgac
>Human| chr15:65459857-65461356 | element 200164 | negative
gaGATAAATCTATTTTAATTCCTAAAAATGTAAAAAATGTATATTCTTTACATTCTCTTAAACCCATGAGCATTTTTcgggcgtgttggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggagactgaggcaggtggatcacctgaggtcaggagttagaaaccagcctggccaacatgatgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcgtggtggcagacacctgtaatcccagctactcgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacccaggaggtggaggttgcagtgagctgagattgcgccattgcactccagcctgggagatagagcaagactccatctcagaaaaaaaTATATATATAATTATTTCATATCTTTCTTATTTTATCTTTACTCCACTAGTTCCTATTTCTCTGATCAAAAAACCACTAAGAAACTAACAAAATACTGCTTTCTCAGTCATACTGATTGGATTTAAAGATAATCATGCAGACTTTGAAAGCAATACAAAGGTAGTTTAAAGTGAGGATAAAAAGAGTCTCTTTTTTCTTTTAAAAATTTTTggccaggcatggtggctcaggcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgagggggacagatcacgaggtcaggagatcgagacctggctaacacggtaaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatagaaaaattagctgggtgtggtggtgggcgcctgtagtcccagctgctcgggaggctgaggcaggagaatggtatgaacccgggaggtggagcttgcagtgagatgagattgcaccactgcactccagcctgggcgacaaagtgagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTTTGTGGATACACAGTgatgagttcatgtcctttgtagggacatggatgaagctagaaaccatcattctgagcaaactatcgcaaggacagaaaaccaaacaccgcatgttctcactcatagatgggaactgaacaatgagaacacttggacacagggtggggaacatcacacaccggggcctgtcatggggtggggggaggggggagggatagcattaggagatatacctaatgtaaatgatgagttaacgggtgcagcacaccaacatggcacatgtatacctatgtaacaaacctgcacgttgtacatgtgtaccctagaacttaaagtataattaaaaaaaaaaCTTTGCGGATACACAGTGGATGAATACATTTATAAGGATTTCTCAATTCCAATGGATCAGCTACAGTATATCCTATGTTAAAGGTGATTTATTTTTCttttctcttttttttttttgagacagggtatcgctctgttgcccaggctgaagtgcagtggcgtgatcactactcactgcagtcttgacctcctaagctcaagcaatcctcccacctcagcctccctgagtatccaggactacaggcacacgccaccacgcctg
>Human| chr16:2054597-2056096 | element 200165 | negative
GTCCTCACCCGGGCAAGGGTCATGCCAAGGTCATGTTAAGTTTACCTTAGCCCCTTAGCCAAAGAGAATGTCGGGCTGGAACGGCCGTGAAGCTGGGAAACCTGAGGCTTGGCAGGAAGAGCCAGTCCCACACGTGCTCAGGGGGTCCTGGGGTGTCTCTGTCCCCCAGAGCAGGTGGTTAAATCTGACTCCCCAGGAGGGTCAGGAGCGCCAGGAGAGCTCAGCCCCCACCCCACCGACAGGAGCCGCTTCCACCAGGGGCGGGGTGGGCGGTACGGGCTGCAGGAGCAGCAGCCCAGGCCTTTCCTCCCCTGGTCACATCAGGCAAGGCTGGGCAGGATGAACTCGGCCGCCTCTGCGTCCCCGTCACATGCTGGGCTCAGATGGGCACTTCATCACAGCTGCCTCCCACGCGCGACGTCTTCAGATGGGAGTCGCAGCCCCACCCAGAGCCCCATTACAAAGGCTGCCAGTCACTGCGGGCCACACCACCCTGACCTGTCCCCTGGCTCCCCTCCCCTGGAGCAGCCTCTCTGCACACCCCAAACACAGGGAAAGGCCCTGGGCCTTGTGCGGCCTCTTTTCACAGCAGCTGCCCTCGCGGCAGCTGGCACCCAGCCCTACCTTCCACTCACTCCCAAGGGCGCCTCTCCAGCCCGACCCTCACAGGCGCAATCTGTGCAGCCACTCAGGGTGCTGCTGGGACCCAGAGCACGAGCCTCCTCGGGGAGCTGAGCGGAGCCACTCAGGGTGCTGCTGGGACGCAGAGCGCGAGCCTCCTCGGGGAGCTGAGTACCTGGACTCCCGGGAACCAGACAGGGCCACTTCCCCACCACAGCTCCCGAAGCAGCAGGCAGGCGGGCGAGGAAGCCAGTGTCTGCCTGTGAGGTGGCCAGGCGAGCAGCCTGTGAGGGAGGCCCCAAGGCTGCCAAAAAGCATCCAAGCCCATCAGACTCCGAGGAGAAACGACTTCCTTCCCCAGAGGAAACCCGTGCCAGGGGCGTCCCCAGCCCCACCTCCCCACTTTGGCACCCCTCCTTTCAGCCGCACGCCCTCATCCACCGTGGGTGGCGGCGACTCAGACTGCGGGCACAGGGGCATCCCAGGCACCCCTAACACGCAGCCAACCTCCACTGGTGCGTCCCCCGAGTGCCACCCGTGTGCGGGCACAGGGCCAGGCCCCGCTGAGGAGCACATACACTCCTCTGTCCTTGCCGCCTGGGGGCACCCATGCTCCATGCGATGCTAGCACATCGCAAGTCCCAAGAAACCTATGTGGGACGGCACTGGTGGGGCTGGCGGACTCGGTCAAGGCAGCCTCTCTGAGGCCAGGGAGCAGCTGGGGGTGGAGGAGCTGCGGGGAGCTGGGCAGAGGCAGGGCCAGGCCGGGCGGATCCCAGGTGCACTGACAGCACCCAGATGAAGGACCCAGGGTGGGCCAGCACGGGAGGGCTACATGCCCCATATGGAGTCTAGATGGGCATCCATCTGCACAGCAGC
>Human| chr17:70058341-70059840 | element 200166 | negative
atacaaataaaaaaaTTTAATGAAAAAGAAAACAGACAAAGGAGGCAAGAGTACACTCTTAAATTTTTCACacatctgcgtagtgttttatagtttccaaaaggacttttctacaaaccatattgtgtgagcctcgtgacgttcttgtaggaaaaacgaaccagagcatagtaccactttgcagatgagcatattaaggctcaaaaggcttatatagtttgcccaaagtcacacaatggagaatggctgagataagaacagaacccaggtcttctgattcTCATGAGAAAGTCAAAATACTTTTTGGAACAGCTGTTCTGGCAAGTTCTATCCCTCTTAGACCTCAGTTTAAGCAAGGAGGCAGTCCAGTGGGGAGAGAGAGCCTATCTGAAAGCCATGTTGTCAATCCCAACCAAGCTTACTGGCTGTACCTCCTTGGGTAAAGGGCATTTAATATCAGAGCCCAGGGTTTGAACTGTGTGCCCACTTCAGCCACTGCATCCCTGGCCAGAGTAATCAAATTCAATAGACTAATAACTATGGCAGAGTCAAGGTCCTACAGCATCATTGATTAGAGTGCTGGTTTTCATACTTTTTTTCAGAATAGCAAAACTCTATGTTTTCCAGCAAAATTCTATTTGAAACAGTAAAATACAACTCACAGAAAATGAAAAGTTTCTGTAGTTGAATGGGAATGGTGGGATGACAGTGGTTGGTTACTCCTGTTGGCTTCTCATGGGGACCCTTAAGCACCCCCAAAGAACCATCATCTCCTTGGGGCCCTTTAAAAAAAACCTCACCTTAGCATTTAATGCTATTGAGGGGAGTATGTGTGTTTGTGTTGTAAGACTATGTATGCCtgtgtatgtgtgtacgtgtgtgtgtgtATTGAGGGGGCAGAGGATTCTACGTTCTATATTAATATGGTTCTCCTCCTAAAGCCTGGAGAAGATATCTTAGAATATCCTGCCACTGGTTATAAGAGAGCAAAGAGAACAAGTCGGAGCCCTTTGGGAGAACTGGGTGAAAAAAATATACAGCTCCAAGCATACACCCTACCACAGCAAAGCAACTGGTGAATCTGCATCCATaataatggttaacagtactgctggttaagaggcaggcactgctctgagcacttcaagtgtcttagggttttaaatgttctaccatatccctttgagacagctgctgtcatcatcatgactgtgactgaaaaatcgatgcataaagaggttaggtaacattctcaagcttttactgcttgtaagtggtgaagctgggcacagatccatggaggctcagggtcagacgcataccctgtgatatctccagatggggaaggcagcagccaatcccacctctgagggagcctctacccaatcccagtcctggttctgagcgtgtcctgggatggaagttgcaatccccttgggggtctccagtttactgtggatgggggttatgaacccatgACTTGCTGACTTCTGGCCAgga
>Human| chr9:137186624-137188123 | element 200167 | negative
CACCTGATCCCTGAGGACCTGACCCCTCCAGGTGGAGGCGGGTGACCTGGGTGGAGAGGGCCGGTTTCCACCGTTAGGAAGGGGTGGTCACACGGCGTGAGACGGGCTCGCTCCCCGGCCTTGGTGTGCCCAGAGGTAACTGAGACCACTCTCCAAGTCAGTGGTTCCAAGCAGAGAGGGATTCTCCCAGGGAATCTTTCAGGCAGCCCCAAACGTGGAGCACACAGATGAGGCTCCCCGCAGGTGGGGGTGGTGGGGGGCAGGGCCTTGCCCGGTGCACAGGCCAGCGGTccacattagggaaggcaatctgctttactctgcctactgaaatgtcagtctcttccaaaaacaccttgaagaaacaaccagggtaatatctgacccagtatctgtgcgctgtgtggcctggacaggctggttgacgcctaaagtgaagcaacacaCTTAGCTTTGCGATTGGATGACACAAACCCTCTCCCCGCCCGAGGCCCTCACCAATGCCGACGCCGCCCCACATCCCATCCCTTACCATCAGACAAGTGATTTTCTGAGGCGGACGATGGTGAAGACTTTGGGGGCCTTTACCTGCCTCTCGTGGCCACTTTTGTGATGCCTCGTAGTCCTCAGCTCCTGAAGACATGAACTCACGCACAGCCCAGGTGACTGACTGAGAGCTCGTTAGGAAGAAATCCTAAATCCCCCGAGGTGCCAGCCAGGAATGCGCCTGCCCCCGTGGGTGGAGAGAGGAGGGAGGTTCCTCGGGAGGGCAGCGTCCTCTGGGGAACGGGTCTGGCAGACACAGTCAGGTGTCCTCTCTGCTCTGCTCCCCTTCTTGCCACGCCCCCGCCGCTGCCCAGTCCGAGTGCCCACACCCAGGACTCCACTGGCCTCCAGCTCCCCTCTATCTCCACCAGCCTCCAGGTCCCCTCTATCTCCACCGGCCTCCAGGTCCCCTCTATCTCCACCGGCCTCCAGCTCTCCTCTATCTCCGCCGGCCTCCAGCTCCCCTCTATCTCCACCGGCCTCCAGCTCCCCTCTATCTCCACCGGCCTCCAGCTCCCCTCTATCTCCACCGGCCTCCAGGGCTTCTTCACACCCGACCATGGCCTGCCTCCCAGTCCTTCCGTGGCTCCACATTGCCCTGGATAAAACCCAGACTCAATGTGACTGACCAGACCCTGTGGGATTCGACTGTGCCCCTCCTGCACCCACTCCAactctgcccaccagccagacaaagccacctgctgcttaggatgggcagcgatgggcagcgtcctttccagcccttgcaccggccattccctctgcctgggataccctccctgctctcctgaccccagtcatcctttaggctgttactgcttctgacctcccaggcctggtaggggccttgcttggaactcTTGTTGCCCCTGACACATCACATCCACttacaaggacaggggtcatatcaaattaggcctccccaacaccagcatgaccttattttaatga
>Human| chr3:146980208-146981707 | element 200168 | negative
TTACAAAACATGAGTGTTTTCTTAATATTATaacttttattctaaaaagttcagggctacatatacaggtaaacttgcaactcaggggttttgtgtacagtcacccaggtactaaacatagtagtcgacacttattttttttttctgtttttttccccgaactcctccttcctcccaatctcctccctaaaTGTCTCACatttataataaatatatatttaatGGCATTCAAAATGAAGAAGTATGTGAAAATATCTAGGGAAGTCCCTGACATGTAATAGATGTTCAAAAATGTTAAATCAATTGCTAAACTATTAATTAATTTATTAATGAGGATTATGTCTTCTGAGGTGTTTTAGCTTTTATTTATACATGATGAATAAGCCAGAAAATCATATATTAATTCTAACCAAAGGTTCATTCTTCCTGTGTACCTATCCCTGATTCTAGGGCAGGGCACTGTCACCATCCAGACATCCTCTATCTTAAGATGAATGAGACAGGTGATAGATTCAATGTTACTCATCCCTAAAGAACCATGAGTTGGTTCCACTGCACCCCTGTCAAAGCTTGAGTCTAGAGAAAGGCTAAGAGACAGATGAGATTTCAGCTTCCATCCAAGAGGAAGGACATGTGAACTAAAATGGACTTCACCTCCAGTGAAGTCATTCATCTTATCACAAATAGGATTTATCTCTTAAAGGCTTGCTTCCCCTTACATTCTACTAAAAGAAAGAGGAGTAATTATATCTGTCTTAACCATCTTTATTTAATATTGCTAATTAAAATATGTGTGTGATAAAACAGTACAAAACTTATTAATTTTTATTTTGAAACAATATATTTTAACTTAGAACACACTGAATTTGTGAATCTAAACATTCAATATGACTCATTTCTAGCAAGCTAATTTTCATAATATTCTTTAGGAGGTTCCCCTTTAATCTGTGCCTTCAACGTTTCCTCCTTATATTTTTTACCAATAAAAGAATTATGGAAACTGTAATTTTAATAGAAAATATTTACTTAATGGTTGAACAATTCTATGAACCCATAGGTTAGAGACTATTTATGTTTGGTAGCTTGGATATTGACTAACATTTTAATGCAGGATACTCATAATTAAGAATATCAAACCTGCATTAAGGCTATCCTTAAGCATACCTCAAATTAATTTCCTCTCTTTGGGTCATCATTAACACAAAATTATTTTATCAAGCTCACTTGCTAAAATGGACTGGATTCATTGTTTTTACCATGTAAAACTactcattaaataaatatttattgggcaacactgcagctataacagtaaattagacagataaatatcctgttttacatggagttcatatagtgtgggaaacaagaatgtaaaagtgagcacagaaatatacaagtatagatgatgacaaaggcattaaaaaaactattctggtggaattaaaagacagtgaggcaactaaagtgtttgggaaaaccttctccaaaaagttgata
>Human| chr8:33000953-33002452 | element 200169 | negative
CCAGAGAAAGAGAAGCTTATGAGCTCGCCAAACAAGGATTTCATGGTAGATTTTCTCTCTCTCAAATGAACTTAAAGGAACAAATGACAGTTAAAGTTTGAATGGAAGAGCCTGCCATTGTTCCACATCTTGTTGTTGCTGTTTACATTCCTTTGTGGAGCCTACATCTTCCTAAGTTTTCTAGCAAGTATATGTTGAACACTTCTGTTTTACGGTTAAGACAGAGTCAGAGGCCATGGATACTGACAACTGATAACTGTCTGTTTTTTTCTGTCTTTTTCCATGACTCTTATCTACTGCTTCATCTTGATTTATAACAAAACCTGAAAAACCTACAAAAATAAGTTTATCTAGAAAAATATGGAAAATATTGTGTTATTGTTGGTGAAGAAAAACAATTTTGTATAGTTTATTTCAATCTAAATAAAATGTGAACTTTGTTTAAAAAAAAAAAaagatgagattaaagatttcaatgtaagacctcaaactataagaatcctaaaaaaaaacatctagaaaaccaccattctggacatgggccttgggaaataatttataattaggtcctcaaaagcaactacaacaaaaacaaaaattgataggtgggacataattaaactaaagagtttctgcacagcaaaataaactatcattagagtaaaaagacaaactacagaatgggagaaaatgttcgtaagctatgcatctgacaaaggtctaatatgcagaatctataaggaacttaaacaattgaatgagcaaaaacacataaccgtattaaaaagtgggccaaagacatgaaacatttctcaaaagaaaacatagaagcagccaacaacatatgaaaaaaatcctacacgtgattaatcatcagagaagtgcaaatcaaaaccacaatgagattatcatctcataccagtcagaatggctattattaaaaagtcaaaaaacaacagatgttggtgagcctatggagaaaaacggaacaattatacactgttggggggaatgtaaattacttcagccactgtggaaagcagtttggagagttctcataacacttaaacggaactaccatttgacccagcagtcctgttactaagtatatatccaaaaaaaaaaaaccaaatcattctaccaaaaatcacatacatttgtatgttcattgcagcactattcgcaagagcaaagacatgaaatcaacctaggtgcccatcaatgatggattagataaagaaaatgtggtacatacgtaccatggaatactacagtgctatgcaaaagaatgagataatgtaccttgcagcaacacaatgcagttggaggccattatcctaagtgaattaacacaggaacagaaaaccaaataccacatatctcacttataactgggagctaaacattggatactcatggacataaggatgacaacaatagaaactggggactgctatttggagaaggggacggggcacaaaggttgaaaaactgactatt
>Human| chr20:16920424-16921923 | element 200170 | negative
gagtgggctcacacatgcacattaagaggcaaaatggcagagtgtaactggtatatgacctcctaaggaaatacagctggtaagggaagaacatctttggtaagcattcatacaactccgggaaacacactgtgcttgctcccctcccaagtgctagcaagcactgcacatgcagacaacccaccccaagggaagaatcaggggagaagggacacaagaccctggaagtgtgccaacatataaaaccccaagtcaaaaggtcaaaccccgcgcttgccctccaaggtgcccatgtggccctcatctaattgtgctttactttcttttcattcctgctgtaaagctttttaataaattttcattcctaccctaaaacttgccttggtctctttttctgccttctgtccaccagtcgaattctttcttctgaagaggcaagagttgaggttgctgaagacctgtatgaatttgccaccaataactagactacctgccaccactaacatgacttgtaagctttgagatgtcccatatctgtgggctaaaccaatgaatgctatccatgtattgatgtataattttacctacaattcctctcttcctaaaatgtgaaaaaccaaactataacctgactgccttaggaccagttaaggtttctttgatttgtgttttctgtgggctgtggtcactcatattggctcaaaataaacctctttaagatattttacagagcctgttttttcattaacaccccagaatatgcttctctgatgtatttcaagatggctattcaggaggtctggaaatataaaaatggctgaaaagccatcttttgtgggggagatttgcatctgtagagaaaatctgcactggcacagccaagctttctctgaggtcctcccttgtccaatctaggaaagatgaactgagacattgacacctttaaagtctgaaagaaacctataccatctattctctctgagggctgccacctgagaggtttcatctacataacaagaccacctttgctagccacgtctcctcttctcccactgccataacccacttgccaccatccaagccctattctttctgtaacctcaagatggtataaaagctcaaccatcttgcctttctttaagatcttatatattttgttccacaagataatgcctgcctctcaggctcattcaaattcaaaagagaatcatttacaagttaattcctgtctccctggttcattctttctccctaatactcacttactgtcctgcaagagaattgtctacattcctcatatcctccctcccttatgaaaaaggtatataagcttcttcaactcatttagggggttggggtaaacactccatggttctcctcatgcatgttaataaatctgtatgcaatttctcctattaatctgccttctatatgttgattttccagcaaacctccagagggcaaaggggaagctttcccttggcccctataCCTGTCtcc
>Human| chr18:933074-934573 | element 200171 | negative
CCAGGCATTTGTGACAATTTCTGCAGGCAGCAAAGTGGATTGACAAAGGAGACACAAATGCTTGCAACTGGGAATCAAAGTGCACTGGGAGCTAGTGAGCATGAAAACGGTAATGGGATTTGAAGACAAATGAGAGGGTCATGGACAGCCTCTGCTGCATCAGCCTGCAGATCACATGTGAGGGAAAGGAGCTGGGAAGTGGATGTTTTCATTCAGATAAGCTGACTCTCCATAGCTTTAGTTCCACAATCTCTAGAGGCCACTATTTCCCATTGCCATCACAGACAACATCTGGGAGGACTTTCGGGTGTGGGAGGGAAGTAATGACAATGATAATATAATTGAAGCTCATATTTATGTTATATGACAGGTTCAGCTAAGTGCTTGGCACATATTTCTTCATTTGctgaagcccataaagttttaagtagcttcttccaggtcattcaattaggtagtggcagagctgggtcttaagtggtggactgagaggaagttcatgttcttagtctctgtgcAGAGCTGCTCCTGACACATCCTCAGAGGCCTGTGAATCAGGGCTCTGCATTTGTCCTGCAAGGGAGAGGATCCAGAGGACAGGATTTCTAATAACAATGAGGACACAATTCTTTCTTAGGGCACCAtttccttaacaacacttaccatgacttgtaattctacgtatttttgtttacttgtctgtggtctcagttgcctcagtgtgtcagctacatgagggcagagatcaagctgctaggtcaccAAGGATCAGTGTGTCAGGAGTCAGTGAGTGGACAGCTCAGCCTCTCCCTCCTACTCCCAGACTGTGATCAACTGTAGGGACAGGCTCCTTCCTCTATTTACCTAAGTAAATTTGAAGATTAGATTTTCTATGTAATGGCTATATGAACCAGGCCACGTTATTTATTTAGttttcttgagacagggtctcactctttcacccaggctggagtgcagtggtgcggtcacagctcactgttatctccaactcctggggtcaagtgatgttcccacctcagcccctgagttgctgggattacaggtgcaccctcccatgcctggctaattaacctttttttttttttttttttttttttttttgtagagagtgggtctcactatgttgtccaggctggtctcatactcctggcctcaagggatcctccctcctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattataggcatgagccactgagcgtggcccctggacacattatttaatctctttgagcataatttttcctggtgaaaagtggggatagttgtacttacttcaaaaggtgttgaaatgactcaatgtgataattatagagagggcctggcttataataggacacactgaatgtCCACATTGAATGGGAAAAAACACGACTGCTGTGAGGGAGGCTGGAAGAGGGGCTTTGTCATTTTCCCTTTGAATTAGAACCAGAGATTCAGACTTTACAAAGGGCTCTTGGCTTTG
>Human| chr3:33202325-33203824 | element 200172 | negative
tacaaacctcaagcagaataaattcacataaattgcctacagccataccaaattaaaactgctaaaaaccaaagacagaagaacgtaaaagcaacctgtgaaagcaaatatataatgtttgataaagcaacaataagattgagaggtgacttttcaaaagaaacaataaaagccggaagacaatgtgataaaatattcaaaatgttagaagaaaagaactgccaatatggaatttcttactctatgaaaatgtcatagatggaagctcagagatgcaggaaggaaagaacaatgaaatagtaaatatggaggcagagctaagtgaatgttgactgcataaaacaacaacatatacacacacacacaatattcattcagaacatttgacaatagcatagaagctgggaggaggtaaatggagtcaaagtgtttgatggctttaaattagccaggaaatggtgtaactattaattaatattaaacttctatatgtcaagggtgcctgttataatttctagagtaaccactgaaaggagagtaaaagactattagaaggtaatagaaggggtaaacataataagtaaaaaatgcttaattgcttcgaaagaaggcaggaaagcagagaaaaaggaacaaaggacaaataggaaagagagaaaacaaaaacgacagtaattttaaaaccaaatctaccgatggttaaatgtaaaatggattaatgctactattgaaagacaaaaggtgtcagcttgtataaagaaacagaacccatgtacctggtatttataagagacacactttaaatataagtacacagatgagttgaaagtaaaagaattaaaaaaagtcacgaagaggctaaccagcaaaaaagactttaaggcaaaaaatacttagtagagataaagaaggctctttcataaagataaatgtttcaattcacctggaagatatcaaattttaaaattgtatgtacttaataatatagcctcaaaatataggaatctaacagacatgaactaaaagaagacactgataaatccatgatcatagtgagatattttaaacatctctatcattaataattataacaaatagaaaaaaggtaagaatatagatttgaacaacacatttaataaatatgacttctttgaaatgtgtagatgacatccaacaactatagaataaatgttcttttcaagtgcacatagaataatttttacaaaatagaccataaaagaagtatcaacaaactttaaaggactgaatcatacatacattttctggtcatagtgagattaacttagacaaaaaattacttaaaaattcccctatgtatagaaattaaacaaaacatgtctaaataactcatggctcaagggagaaattactgtggaaatcagaaaacattctaactgaatgataatggaaatatgacatatcaaaacttgtgggaaacagcaaaagctgagctcgggggaagttatacctttaaatatc
>Human| chr2:191587740-191589239 | element 200173 | negative
GGCTGCCAGTTTCAACTTGTGGTGAATTCTTATGGTTGAATTACAAAGGGCTAACAGACTGAGGGGGAACATGAGAGGTTTAGAGTGGAAATACTGACTGCTTTCTGGCTTTACCGGTGCTGACAAGCATCTACTCTACTAATCTCACAGATACAAACACGAATCTTGAACTTTTGAGTTTCTTGTGGGCTTCTCGATGAGAAAGACAGCAGAAGTGCTGACTTCACTGGAAATTCCCTGATGAAAAGACCCTTACTGCAGTTTTAAAAATTGGGTCTCCAGGCTCTGATATCGCTCATTGATCATCAAAGTAAGCATTCCCGACTAATGTAACCTACTAAAACGCACAAAGAGAAATAAGCCTTCTCCCTTAACTGCACAACCACTCAGGAGGCAGCACCTGCCGGGGCATAGATGCTTCTCCAATAGTTGTCCGGTGTTTAAGAGGAAGGGTCCAATCCTGACCAGGACACAACAACGGCCTCTACACACATAGCCTGCTATTCCCAAGAGTCTTCTGCCTTTAGACAACATTTCTTGGAAACTTGGAATAAAAAGCCTCCATTATTTTGCTCTTTCAGGAAATGATTCACGGTATTTCCAAAATCAACAGAATCTCTCTCAAACAGCAGAATACTTGAATTCCCAAAGCAGGAATTGCTCTTTGCAGACCTTCATAATCTCCTTGTTCATTAAGTTTATGTCTGTTAGTCTCTCATTTGCTAGTGATTCTGGCACTTCAGTCACAAATAGAACAACACAGAATTTTTTTAAAAAAACTAATTCCTTAAAGTAAAAAAAAAATAGAATTTCCAGTTTCCCTGAAGCACACCCAGGGCCCTGATTCTGTCTTCTAGGAGAGGGATTTGACAGTGACTCAGAGATACGTTtgtaggggagtgggaagaacgctggagattagatgccggaactcagccctggatctgctgcttactggcagagggtccctgtgttcatcctgtaacctctaagtctaaattttctcaattataagaATTCTAggccaggtgaagtggtgcctctaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggcaggaggctaaggcaggaatttgagaccagcctgggcaacatagcgagactccatctctagaaaaaatttcaaaaacgtagctgagtgtcatggtgcatgtctgtagtcccagttatgtgggaggctgaggcaggaggatggcttgagcacaggagcttgaggctgcagtgagctatgactgtaccacttcagcctgggtgacagagtgagattatgtctctaaaacaataaaTCtaatataaatttttaaaaaagaattttaaCACATACCGTTGGAGTTTCCATGCGATCATAAGACCTAATATTTTTAAAAGAGATGTGAAAACCAAGGTGTCAAACAAAATATCATTGTATGCACAATTACTTGCAAATAGGATAGGATGTTACCTTTACTTGGCAGTGGGGCAGATTCCTTTGTGCTTGGCAAAT
>Human| chr9:111848850-111850349 | element 200174 | negative
aacccttaccaccattctacaaggtaggtgctattgtacctattttactggtatggaaaccaaggcacagaaaggttaggaaacttCATGGATTCATAGTCCATGCTCTTTAACCACTAAGGCTCTAAATCTAACCGCCATCTCTGAATTTTTATCAACTGCTGTCTTTCCCCAATAAAcaaggcttctgtatctggttttccatgattcatctgattttccgtaggacttaatacagtatctgacatatggtaattactccaaaaatattcactaaaCTGAgccactacctagctacataattttaggcaagtcgcttaacctctctggatttcaatttggtcctaatataatgaaggaattaaatcagaaaatcCATTTCTCCCATTTTTATGAGGAAAAAATACTTACACAAGCCTTATTTAAAGTAAACCCATCTTATCCTTGTGTAAACCATAATTTTAAACATTAAACTTTCATCATAGAATTAGATATTACATGTGTTATCAACAGTTACAATATAAACACCATAGAATGGAAAAGTTCAAACCACGAAATATATTAACTCCATTAAGACAGCCCAAGTCCTTAAAATACAATACCTTGCTATCAACTTTTAACAAGAATTTTCCAAGCCCGACAATGGGCCAAGGCGCGAGAGCTCCCTGCCGCTCCTTCAGGAAGCTTTCTATAATGCCCCACCACACATGGTAGCGTTTCTCTAGGAAATCCACAACTCCAAAGTGAATGACAAGCTTTTTGAGTATCCAGACTAAAAAAAGACAAAAAATACATATATAAACAAAATATAGATTAACAAGTTGTAACATGAAAAGGTACCTTAATTTCACAAAACCTTTCTAAAACAACAAAGCTAGTATTAAAAAGAAGATCAATGTTAAAAAGCAGGGTGGGACTCAAAGTACTCCCCACACAGATGGAATTGGACCAAGTAACTTTTCAAACCATCCCCACCTGCCTATATATTATCTTCTTCCTGAAGTCTGAATCCTTGTAGAGTCAGGGATTATTTTACAGCCCACATAAACAAAAGATAATCTCATCGTGAAGATTTCAGTGACTACAATTCTGGCCCCTTGCATATTCCCCCTTCCTGGGTAAATAATACAAACCCCTGACATTTCCTCATCTCCTTGGCTTTTATAGCTGTTCTTGTCAAATATTCTTCTTTTCCTTAGTTGCTCGTTATTTAGTGACCAGAAAAGTATAAGGTATTCCATACGCATCATGATTTTGTACCACTGCAGAGTAATGTTGTTCCTATTTCCCCATTTGATGCTGCTCTCAACATCTGAACAGATGCCAGGGTTCAGTAGAGAAGCAAGCTGAATACTAGCAGGGCTGCTACAAATGGCCCAAGGCTGTGCACGGCAACTTCAGTGGGGACCACTCTCAAACCACACTGTCTCCTCCTGGAGTTGGGCAGTGAAGTGGCTCTTTAAGCAGAGGTTAAGCTTCCTGTTAGAAGCCAATTAAGAA
>Human| chr9:7722711-7724210 | element 200175 | negative
gttggttgtacagattatttcatcgcccgtgtattaagcctagtatccattagttatttttcctagttccctccctcctcccaccctttatcctccaatagacctcagtgtgtgttattcccctctatgtgtctgtgtgttctcattatttagctcccacttataagtgagaacatgaagtatttcattttctgtttctgtgttagtttgctaagggtaatagcctctatctccatccatgtccctgcaaaggacataatctcatttttatggctgcatagtattccatggtgtatatgtactaccatattttctttatccagtctatcacagttgggcatttaggttgattccatgtctttgctattgtgaatagtgcagcaatgaacatatgtgtgcatgtgtctttataatggaatgatttatattcctttgggtatatacccagtaatggcattgctgggttaaatggtagttctctaggtctttgaggaattgccacactgtcttccacaatggttgaactaatttacactccccccaacagcataaaagtattccttttactctacaaccttgacagcatctgttttttttttttttttttgactttttagtagtagccattctgactggtgtgagatggtatctcattgtggttttgatttgcatttctctaatgatcagtgatattgagctttttctcatgtgattgttggctgcatgtgtgtcttcttttgagaagtgtctgttgatatcctttgcccacgttttaatggggtttgatttttttcttttaattttttttttaagttctggaggcaggatTTGTGCCCCAGTGTCATGCTCCATGTTACCACATTATACCAGAGGCATTGATGGTGCGGAGCCTTTGGGGAAACATCTtgaggtgggctgaataatggccccctaaggatgtatgttctaatccccgcagcctctgaatgtattaccttacatggtaaaggggatttaggagtcgtgattaatttaaggcttttgaggtaggtagattatcctagattatggggaggggcctcatgtactcacaagggtccttataagagtggggcaggagggtcagagtaatgagagtaagagaaggccatgtgataacaagtagggggtcagagtgatgtggaactatgagctgagacattcaggcagcctctgaaagctgaaaaaagacaaggaagaaatgctgtcccagctggcccattttggacttctaacctccagggccataagataataaatttgtgttgttttaagctgctacatggtgatttattacaAGTATTTATTTTGGGTAACATGTTACAGCAGTCATAGGAAACAAATTCACAGCTGATGTAACCTGGTGATGTTCACACTCTGCCCTTGGTATGAAGATGCTAGCACAAGGTCCCAAATCTACTGCTTCAAATGCTTCACAGACCTTACTCTGGAGAGAAATACCCTGTTGATTTTGAGGCTTCC
>Human| chr7:73947979-73949478 | element 200176 | negative
CTCTCCTGCAAAGTCTCTCCTGCTTCCCTCCCTAAGGGAAGGGCTGGCCGCTCACTGCTTGGGCCCCCTTGATTTCTAAGACACCTGTGAAGGGTCCCACAAggccaggcacagtggctcttgtctgtaatcccagcgctctgggaggctgaggcaggaggatcacttgaggtcaggagttcaatgtggacaacacagtaagaccctgtctctacaaaaaaatttaaaacttagctggcattggtggcgcatgcctatagtcccagctacttgggaggttgaggtaggaggatcgcttgaacccaggagttcaagtctgcagtgagctatgattgcaccactgcactccagcctgggtgatagagcaagaccccaactcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGGATCCCACGGTTCACCTTGTGCTGCCACGATCGGTTGGCAGCTCTGCTCTGTGCCGTCCTGTGCCTGTCACTGAGTAAGATGCAGGAGAAGTTGGGCAAAAGCCCTCAGGATAAACGAATAAGTCATTCAGAGTAGGTGCTGGTGGGAAATGGGCTTGAGTCACTCACCTGGGGCCAGAAGAGGCCCCCAGGGAGTTGTGAGCAGATTAGACCCTCCAAGACCGCCCCAGGGGTTGGCCCATGCTTTCCCTAACTGTGCAAAAATGGTTTGGGATAggctgggtgccgtgggtcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggcaggtggatcacctcaagtcaggagttcgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatacagaaattagctgggtgtggttgcacacgcctgtaatcccagctactcaggaggctgagggaggagaatcccttgaacccgggaggcggaggttCATGGGGAACCCAGCAGGAAATTAGAATAGAACCAAAAACGCCAGTCATGGGAGGCAGAGCTGGGGGAGCGAGGCTGACAATGACTCCTGTTTTCACGCTGAGAGACCCCACTCCCCTgctgagatcgcgccactgcactccagcctgggcgacagagcaagactccatctcaaaaaaaaaGTTAATTAATTAATTAGATTaaagtacaacaattagcagggcatggtggtgcacgtctgtagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcagaagaatcgcttgaaccctggaggcggaggttgccgtgagccaagatcgcaccactgcactccagcctgggcgacaaagtgagactctgtctccaaaaataaaaataaaaataaaCGGTTTGGGATGTTCTGAGGTTCCAGACATGCCCTCTCCTGCCTGCATGTCTGCCGGATGCCCAGGTCTGTAGCTGTGCATGTGTCACTCAGTGACCATCACCAAAGGGGACTGGAGGCATCTCCCCGAGCCCTGGGAGAGTCCTCCAGCCTGCACTGTTCTCATGCCTGTCTCTCTTCTCTCCCCAGGATGTTTGATGAGCGAATTTTCACAGGTATGTGGGGA
>Human| chr2:3249949-3251448 | element 200177 | negative
AGGGTCTCTGAGACTTTCGAGCACATTTTCTTACTACTTATCCTCAAACACAACATTTACAAAATGGGAAGGATAGCTATCAGTTCACTCCTCTTTGTAACATTTAACCTGAGCCAATTTCCACTGTTCTGTCATACTAAACTAAAATGAGGAAAAATGAAGAGAGCTGAAGCCAAATCCTGCTTTTTGAACAAAATGCCCCCTGTGCCTGGCGGAGCCACACACACTGCTTTCCTTCCCCCTGCCTCAATACCGCCTTCTGTGCCCTTTTCTTTTCTTCTGATAATAATCTTAACACGTACACCCTGCTTTCCCAGGTAATGCTAAATGCTCTCAGCCTGTCTGGCATTTCACTGTGATATTTACCTCCATCTACACTGAGGGGATTGTCTTCCCCCAGAAACTGGCTCAGATGGCACACAGAGATCAGCTAGCCACCATGCAGGTGACGGGCACTTGGACATGTCAGAGAAACACACAGCGTGTGGAGTGCAGCCTTGCTCAGCTCCAGCCCACAGGACTCCTCCCTGTAGCCTCCTCCCTGCCGGGGTGGTAGCCATgggagggagagaggaagagagggaggaagggagggagaaagggagaaacggagggagggagggaggcagggagggagggagggaggaagggagggaaggaggaagggagggaaggaggaagggagggaaggagggagggagggagggagggagggagggaaggagggagagagggagggagagagggaaggatgaagggagggagagagggagggagacagggagagaggggaaggagggagggagggagggagagagcgagggaggagagagcgagggagggagagagcgagggagggagagagggagggagagagggagggagagagggagggagagagggagggagagagggagggagagagggagggagCTGCCACTGTCATTCACTTCACTCCCATCCCTCAAAAGCTTCTTATTATGGATTCTAGTAACTTTGCCTTTAAAGGAGATTTTCATCATCCAAGAAACAAGGCGATTTCTAGGACGACTCTTGATATACCACTTGGGAAACGGAGCACAACAAGAATGCGCCGAGGTTTCCATTATTTTGACGTTGCTTCCACTAGCCAGCAGGGAGCATTAATCTACAGTGAAGGTGCATAACTCTTGAACAGCTGGAGAGCCTCTTTATCATCAAAGGGCGATGGAAAACCATAAAATTACCCTGTTGTGGCTAATCAGCCATCGAACCAATGGTGATGATGATGCATTGTGGAGACACCACATCCCAACTTCACAGCAAGCCGACACAAGAGAACAGTACTTGCAGAAGATAATTACCTCCTTCCTGCTCTTACCTGCAGAGTTCCAGGAAACCTCCCCTTTATCAGGGCTCCGAAGGGCACTGGTGTAAACATGAGCTGGGTAGGTGCAAAGTGCTGGGAAGCATTAGAGGATGTGGTGGGTCCACAGTCAATTGCTCATTATTCACTATCAA
>Human| chr2:160040970-160042469 | element 200178 | negative
TGGTCATCACCCTGTAAAGTGATAGTTAGTGTGTCTTTGTGATGGACACGGTTGGCCTGGCCACAGAGCTCAGCCAACTGGGAGACTTAGGAGGACTTAGCCTGTGGTTGGGAGAGTGGCTCCCAACTGACATGAACTGGGCCAGAATGAATCCTGGGATCAGCCCATGGGTAGGACCTGGGGAGGCCTTGGGGGCCTAGAGCACTAGAGAGATGCTGACAGCGGTTTCCATGGGAATAAGGGAGGAGGGGAATCCCAGGCTCAAGATCTGGGACATGGAAGGTGTTCAGGGAATGACAGGGCATGTGCTCGTGGGAAAACTTCAGGCCATTACAAGACAATGGACGAGACTCAGTGGGCAGTGTGGCCTTAAACGTCATGCCCTCCCCTGTAGTATAAAAACTGATTCCTTGGCCTCCATCTGCCTTGATTTCCTCATCTCTAACACGGTTTATAACCTATTTGAGAAGCAGGCATGCACCTGGAAAGACAAATGCAGTTTAAATAATGCATGCTTTTAATCATCTAGATTAGCAACTACTAGGAGGATGCGTTTTAAAACATATATAATGTTTATCTTTTCCTCCCTCCACAACTACCTGCTTTTCCCCAACCAAACAGCTCAAAGTTGACAGGATGATAGAAATGAAAGTAATTTACATTGCATAGAAGTCACTCCTATTGGAATAAGCAACTCTGTGTGTCATTTAGAAACTAATTGGCTCAAAGGCATGGGATCCACAGGAAGACAGAGTGAGTCCTATGGACATGGAGGGCAAATGGGCAGGATGGCCCTTTCACAAAAGGGAAATGGGCAGGAAAATAGGCAGGATGGTACCTTCACAAAAGGGAAATGGGTGCTGTTGGCTGGATGTCCACCATGTGCCAGCCACAGCAAACCCACTTAGATGCCTTAGCCTTCTTCTCACCACAAGGACTTGTGTGCCATCCAAGCCTAGAATTCTCTGCTTTCTTGATCATGAGCTGTCACCTAGCACGGCCTGGCTTTTCTCTCCTTCCCACGTGAGACCTTGTCCTTTGTCTACCCCTAGTGGTGGTGATCCTGAGGGGACCTGAAGGCTAGGCCCAGGGATGGTTCTGTGCTCTGTGTCTATTCATGCATGCATTCCAGAAACACATTTGAGTGTTCACCAAGTGCTCAGCACTTTGCTAGGCATTATGACTCAGATGAGACCCTTAGCCTCCCGGAGTTTACATCTTTGTCACGGGCATAAATCAGTGACTAAGGCAATGGGTGGTGAATTGAGGGTGGGTCTGCGGTGTGGTGGAATGGGCTCTTCTGCTGTGAGCCTTTGTATTCCTTCCCCTAGGAACGGGCACGCGCTCTTGGCATTCATGTTCTCGCGTCAGGAGGGCAAGTTGAACCGCCAGCAGACCATGGAGCTTGGCCACCACATCCTGAAGGCGCACATTTTCAAGGTGAGATGCACACCAACTTGGGGAAGGGTTTCTTTGTTGTCATTTTGAGGTTTTGCTTTG
>Human| chr3:99857409-99858908 | element 200179 | negative
tgaccaacagacatatgaaaaaaagctcaacatcactgatcattagagaaatgcaaatcaaaaccacaatgagataccatctcatgcaagtcagaatggcaattattaaaaagtcaagaaacaatagatgctggcaaggctgtggagaaataaaaacacttttacactgttggtgggagtgtaaattgatagttcagccattcttggagacagtatggcaattcctcaaggatctagaaccagaaataccatttgacccagcaatcccatcactggatatctacccaaaggaatataaatcattctactctgaagacacatgcacgcgtatgtttattgcagcactatttacaatagcaaagtcatggatccaacccaaatgcccattgatgatagactggatgaagaaaatgtggtacatatataccatggaatactacgcaaccacaaaatgaatgagatcatgtccattgcagggacatggatgaagctggaagccatcatcctcagcaaactaacccaggaacagaaaactaaacatcacatgttctcacccataagtgggagttgaacaatgagaacatgtggacacagggaggggaccatcacacaccagggcctgttgttgggtgaggggtgaagggagggaacttagaggatgggtcaataggtgcagcaaaccaccatggcacatgtatacctatgtaacaaacctgcacgttctgcacatggatcctgGCACGTAAAGTAAAACAAAATAAAATGAAAAGTTTAAACTCTTTAAAAAAAAAACCCTTGAAACATTTTTTTAATTGATTAAAAATCCAGCCAGGAggccaggcatggtggctcacacctataatcccagcaccttgggaggctgagatgagtggataacctgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctggtcaacatggtgaaaccctgtatctactaaaaaaaaaatgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtatgtatatatatgtgtatatatatgtgtgtgtatatatgtgtgtgtgtATATATATATATATATACACACACACacaaaaattagctgggcatggtggtgggcacctgtaatcccagctacccaggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacccaggaggcggaggttgcagttagctgagatcgcgccattgcactccagcctgggcgacgagagcaaaactccatctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTCCAGCCAGGACAAgtttctataaataaagttcatcagaacactgccatttccatttgtttatacactgcctagggcagtgtataaattagaacagcagagttgagtagttatcaataatgttcatattactctgcaaacccaacacctacttaccctatgtcctttaccttaaaagtatgctgatcccACTGggtgcagttacacaactgtatgcattaatcaaaatccatagaactcttcagtaaaagtt
>Human| chr3:35406465-35407964 | element 200180 | negative
CACTTGAGATTCTGGAAAGGCCACATGTTTCAAGTAAGTAATATGCCATAGAGTAAGCAAAGGGCACTAACCTAGAACTAAATTGAATACTAAAATAGATCCTCCTTAATAAAGAACAAAACCAAGTCTGACAGGGGTAACAACAAATAGCAcaagtaatctaattacctataaaaataaaatccagcactatttaaaggaaggaaacatattccaaactcctaacagtgtgtcataaataattcccagcattgaataaaaaattactaaacatgagagaaagcaggaaaatatgacctgtaatTATTAGAGGGAGAGGATATAAATcataaagtagtacagcactaagaagattgtgatgatttaagaatgtatgctgtaattgctacagaaaaactaaaataaataatgaatgaattaatatttagaatagattaaaagccaatagaggaattaaaatggaagatatttttaaacttgaataaccaaatataaggcagaaatagagaaagaaaagatccaaaacagaaagatgtctaaaaaaaagcaagataatagaaataacccaaacataccaataaatcttatatccattaaatgtaaattgacaaaccactaaaattaaaaaaaaaaagattagtggagacattaggaaaggaagacttaattatacactatctacaaaagacattttacatataaattatcagagaggttggatgtaaaatcatactaaaagatatactatgcaaatagtaaatatataaagggcatggctatattaatagtgaagtagacttaaaggtaagagtattacaagcaataagaagggtaatatataatgataaaggctcatcaggaaaacataggaattctaaatgcatatgcactgaatataccatataagaaatagaagaagaaattaacctgcagaactaaatgaaagatacaaattccctatcaaaatagaaaattttaacactctcatcttaaaaattagtaaaacagacgaaaactctgtaagaatataaattattgtaatgacaatatgaatcaagtttactaatgtgtattttacaaatactacactcaacataacagaatacacattttttttgaagtccacatagaatattcattaaaattaattgtttgagtctattttctgtttctgtaactgaatacctgagacttggaaatttataaagaaaataaatttacttcctactgttctggaggctgggaagtctgaggtcaaggggccacatctgatgggggcatgcttacaacatcataacacggcagatttcatcacatggcaagagggccaagagcatgccaaactggcttttaaaatagacctactctcctgataactaaccagcttccatgataacccattaatgtattaatccatgaatgaattaacccattcgtgagggcagagccattatgacccaaacacctctgaaagccctcagctttcaatactgtgacatt
>Human| chr10:7647688-7649187 | element 200181 | negative
ACACAATCCCTGAGTAACAAAGCATTCTGACACTGATAAGCACTTCTCATTTAATTCTCTTTGACTTGTAGTGTTTATCTTGCTGTTACTTGTAGCAAAGTTTCGTTTCAGCCCctatctagccctttacagaaaaagtctgccaattccAATTTGGGACTTAAGTGAAAAACTGGGAAACCAGAAAGGAGGAAACTAGGCTTTTCTGTGATTTCCTGGCGCCACACTTTCCGATGCTCACAGCAAGGCTGCAATCTGAGCAGGTGATGCCGGAGCACCCCAAACTCTATACTGACAAGTGTCTCTTTGTATGACAGCCACAGAGTGCCCACATTCAGAGATACTACACATTTCAATAACATGACCTCATTTTataacagatgcgggcaacgttgcagagaaaagggaatgcttatacactgccggtaggaatgtaaactacttcagtcactgtggacagcagtctggcgatttctcaaagaactggaaacggagctcctactcaatccagccagcccattattgggtatatacccaaaggaatagaaatcattctaccataaagacacacatatgcatatgtttatggcagcactgttctcaagaccaaagacatggaatcaacctaaatgaccatcagtggtggactcgataaagaaaacgtggtacaaatataccatggaatactatgcagctataaaaaagtataagatcatgtcctttggagcaacatggatggatctgggagccattatcctaagcaaattaacccaggaactgaaaaacaaatactgtataccctcacttataagtgggagctaaacattgagtacacatggacacgaagaagtgaacagacactggggcctcttgagggtgagggtcaaaaaactacttctcaggtactgtgcttattagctgggtgatgaaataatctgtacaccaaaccccctcaacacacaatttatccatataacaaacctgtatatgtgcctcttaaacctaaaataaaagtttaaaggaaaaaTAAATAAAATAGGACCTCATTTTACCTCTAAGATATACTTCATCCGGGTAAATCTTAACTACCTCAACAACAGCAATAAATTTTTCAATGGGTGCCTCTAATTTATTTTAAATTATCTGTATTATCATTGTTGGAGAGCAATTTTTTTTCTTGAAACTAAAAATTCAAGCTTTCACTCATGGCCTAGGGAAAAAATATTTTGCCCTCTGTCCATCATTTATTACCTCATATTCTGAGTCAGAGACAAAAACCAGTTTTCCCCACTGTCTTCTGCTTCCTGCCTCAAGTCTCAAATCTCTGTTTTGCAATGTTTTCCTGAAACATGCATCTGCTGGTAGCAACGTCTTGACAAGGGCAGCCCAGTAGACGAGAATAAACACAATCAACTGGCATGTAACTCAAGGTCATTTTGATGAGTCCTTGCTCTAGAcaggtgtcagcaaactgtggctcaggggccctgctgctgcctg
>Human| chr7:127067318-127068817 | element 200182 | negative
tggtgttctctgtgtttcctgaatttgaatgttggcctgtcttgctaggttggggaagttctcctggataatatcctgaagtgtgttttccaacttggttccattctccccataactttcaggtataccagtcaaacataggtttggtcttttcacatagccccatatttcttggaggctttgtttgttctttttcattatttttttttctaatcttgtcttcacactttatttcattaagttgaccttcagtctggaatatcctttcttctgcttgattgattcagctagtaatacttgtgtaggcttcatgaagttctcgtgctgtttttcagctccatcgggtcatttatgttcttctctaaactggttattctagttagcaattcctctaaccttttttcgaggttcttagattccttgcattgggttagaacatgctcctttagttcagaggagtttgttattacccaccttctgaagcctacttctgtcaattcgtcaaactcattctccatccagttctgttcccttgctggtgaggaattgtgatcctttggaggagaagagacattctggtttttggaattttcaggctttttgcactggtttttcctcatcttcgtggatttatctacctttggtctttgatgttggtgaccttcagatggggtctctgaatggatgtcctttttgttgatgttgatgcttttcctttctgtttgttagttttccttctaacagtcaggcccctctgctgcagatctactggagttttctggaggtccactccagaccctgtttgcttgggtatcaccaccagagcctgcagaacaggaacaattgctgcctgttccttcctctggaagcttcgtcccagagaagcacccaccagatgccagccagagctctcctgcatgaggtgtctgtcgaccccttctgggaggtatctcccagtcaggaagcatgggggtcagggacccacttgaggaggcactctgtcccttagcagagctcgagtgctgtgctgggagatccgctgctctcttcagagccagcaggcagggacatttaagtctgctcaagctgtgcccataaccgccccttctcccaggtgctctgtcccagggagatgggagttttatctgtaagcccctgactggggctgctgcctttctttcagaattgccctgcccagagaggaggaatctagagaggtcgtctggctacagtggctttgtggtgctgcggtgggccccacccagtccgaacttccaggaggctctgtttacactgtgaggggaaaaccgcctactcaagcctccaaaatggcagacgcctctccccccaccaagctggagcatcccaggtcaacttcagacgctgtgctggcagcaagaatttcaagccagtggatctcagctttccgggctctccgctgagatagaccacttggctccctggcttcagccccctttccagaggagtgaatggttctgt
>Human| chr15:76525863-76527362 | element 200183 | negative
tttcactatgttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctgaccttgtgatccacccacctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattactggcatgagccacggcgcccagccTTCAATAGGTAATTTTAAGGTCACCTCAGTTTATTCTGACTAGCATTTCATTCATAAAGGGACATTTGTTAAACTGTTAATCAAAATATACTAACATTCATATTCAGAAAAACCCGGCAAACAAATTCTAACATAAAGATTTTTAAAGCAAGCTATTTAGCTAGACACCACTCTTTTAGGTATATTCTCAAAGCAAGCATTGGAAAAGACCAGTAGTCCTGTAAACGAGTCTTTCTGTCATACATGTCTACAGCAAATTCAAGTCTTAAAAGCTCCATGTGCATTATAAAATGCTAATAAAAATGTTGATTCACTCTGGCAGTAAACATAAACATAATATAAATGAAATTACTTAAAACCCCCTGTGTCCCCAAAAATGAATTCCATTGACTTTAACCATAAGTGTCACTAAGGAAATAAGAGATTCTGGGCCAAAACAAACTGAAGGCAGTTGCTCCAGGGCCATTTCTACCTTTCTGATCACAATAAATGGTCCAAATGGATCCACATGACCAACAGGACTTTATTTTACTGTCTTGCAAACATGGTCCTCTGAATAAACATAAAAGCACTGAAACAATAACCCAGAACAAGTATAGGGATTTTGGCGGCTGCTCTGAGGCTCTGATAGCTCTCTCAGGAAGAGAGGCTTTTTCCCTCCTTTTTAAAAAACATGTACAGGCAATTAGACTAATATCTTAGTCTAATTCCTCATGGTTCAGAAAGCATTTTTGTATTTCAATAATAATAATAATTAGTATACACAAAACTCTCTACAGATGCTAATTTATGGGGCACTTCAGATGCTGCTTCACAACATAACAAGACAATCCCTTCCCTGAGGCACTTTCCTTCTAAATCAGATAGTAAGACCATTTGGAGAGAAAGTGAGAGATGTTGCCAGGGAGTACAGCAATTAAGGGTTATACAAGGCGTGGTGGGGGACGGTGGGGATTAAAGGAACCAACAGAAACAGAAAGAAGGAGGGAGAGTCCTAGAGATAGGCCTCGTGGCTTTAGAATCTAGAAGAGTGAGAATTTAGAAGAGAATGGATCAACCCCAGGTGGCTGATAGCAGTCTGAGTTGATCACTCTGTGATGCCAAGAATAGGGGCTGTGCGGAGAAGTAAAGCCACAGGATGGGAAGAGGACCAGAGCTTATTCTGAAATATAGAGAAGGGATAGCACTTAACCTTAACACAAACAAGTACTGGCAGAAAAAAGCACAAATACCTCTTCCTTTGCCAAAACCTATAGACTCATTCAAAGAACTCAGGGGCTGAGGTCTAAACTAGTTACAGTGGGCTGAGATAGAAAGGGCAGCAGGACTGAGAAACTGTTGCATCTGATGCGGTTTAACAGGTTTaccgtatcactgtggttaagaacctaggct
>Human| chr12:123550487-123551986 | element 200184 | negative
GATTGTCTTTCATTAACTGCTGGAGACGTGGGGCAGAGACTCACCCAAGGTCTGCAGCAGGCCTAAGCCTTGTCCCTTGTTGTATCCAGCCCTGTATGCGTTTGTGTGCGTGTGTGTAGACAAATGTCACCTTCACAGCTGAGGTGTCAGTGTGTCTCATCTGCGATGGGCCAGGGGAAGGAGATGAAAGCTCTTGCAGGTGCCATGTGTTGAAATGGCCACTCCACCATGTGCCCAGTGATGTATCCGAGAGGAGCTCAGGGAGCCAGGGCTGGATGCAGGCAGACAGCCTGGCCAGGAAGGAGGCCAAGTGTCAAGATCGAGCAAGGGGAGGGCCTGACGAGGGGTAGAGAAGACCAAGCTGGGAAACACACGGAGTGGGCTGGTGCAGGCAGGGGCAGAGGGTGAGGGGCCGTCACTGTAGATGCCCTGAAGACTGAGCATTGTGGGTACTCCCCACAACCCACAAACTCATGAGCCAGCCAGGAGCAAGAGCAGGGGTCTGGCTATGTATGCCACCATCATCTCCACTGCCTTTGTGGAGTGAGTCCGTGACCTCACCCCACAGCTGTTGGGGGTGGGGGCATGAACCTCTGAGACAAGCACAGACTGAGAGCTGGGAGACAGACAGACTCCTctctgcaatgcccatcctgtgagaggggcttaaccaccccctgggatgggctacaaggtactgctattagagaaagttcctatactgaacagtttgccccactgggactcaacctggggtcttgattgactttttggagccacatgcagcctttctcctccaggacaccttaaaatacgtgTCTGACTAGTACACCCTCTCCACAGTGGCTGCCTACTGGACCCCCTCGGCTGCTCTGGGCTCTCTGATTCTACTCGTGGAGGCAAAGTCGCCCTTGCTGATGACAGGGCCTGAGGCTGCTAAAAGCCCTGGGTGTGTTTCCTGGGACCCGCTGCCAGGCCACACTCCCCGGCCAGTGCAGTAGGTTTGCCCTTTATCTGGTGACATTCTGCCTGCTGGGTGCAAGgggttgaatagtgcagccccctccccaaattcacatctaactagagcctcagaatgtgaccttatttggaaatagggtatttgtggatatgattagtgaaggatttctagatgaaatcatactggattgaggatgggctcaaaacccaatgactggtgttcttataagaagaggagagagtctacagccatggccatgcatggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaaccaaggtgggtggaacacctgaggtcaggagttcgagaccagcatgggcaacatggtgaaaccccgtctctaccaaaaatacaaaaattagctggacatggtggcacatgcttgtaatcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacccaggaggcagaggttgcagtgagccaagattgtgccactgcactccagcctgggagacaag
>Human| chr2:60324657-60326156 | element 200185 | negative
GAGAGAAAGAGCCAGAGTTGCTTCTCTGCCTTGGCGCTCAGGAAAGAGCAAATGGGGCTGCCACCTGCCCGGTCTGGGGATGGTTCCAGAATGGCTCAGGTTATTCACAGCACAGATCCACCCGGGGGTAAAAATACCATCCCAGAAGGACTCTCCTTCTAGCCACAAAAATACCTATATGGGTATAAAGACATACTCAAAAAATGACACAAGGTTTGGGAGAAATCATCTCCTTGGAAAAGAACTAAAGTAATTAGTACTGGCCTTACAAAAGAGAAGATAAAGAGATCCAGGAGGAAAGAATGAGGGCAGTTCAAGAAgggtataaacttaagcaagagaaatattgtttagactataagaagaactccctgaccatGAGACTTGGGAAGACATTTACAAGGTGTCACCTTTGGAGATGTAAAAGATAAGATCAGCTCTCCCCTGTAAGGGATCAAAAGGAGACTGGATCCAAAGCAAAGGGTTAAGCCAGGTTATTGTACAAAGTTCCCACTGGCCTTGGCCATCTACAATAAATTTTTGAGGATCGACTTCCTCAGTAGAAGAGCTTGTCCTTTTCAAGCCCCTTGTCCATATGTCTCCTTTTGAGTTTTATCTTTCCATTACAATACTATTTACACAATCTCTGTGTGACACATGAGACTCGGGGGTGCATGAAATGAAGAGATAGACTCACCTTTATAGAAGGTCCAAATTTCGACACATTCCTTCTGGGTTTCTGGGATTCCCTTCCCTGGACCCGGCTCTCACAAAGATTTCTCCACCTTATGCTTCACCACTGGCATCCTACACCCTCCTCTCTACTTTTCTCTACCTGCCTTAGAACCAGTCTCACACTTTCTGAGCTTGTCTCATTCAACCACTTGCATGTCATGAGAAGTAGTATTGCCACATTTCACACAACAACTTTGGAAGTGGATATTCCCAAGAATTTGTTACAAATTCTATTCTGCCTTTGACTTGGCCTTATCCCTAGGGACTAAGATGCACCCAGAGAATCTGTCCTTAAGCGCCAAAGAAGGAGTCATTACCAATATGGCTGTATTTCTAATTGGCTTCTTCAGGGTCCTGGCCCTGTAGACATTGATCCTGCATCTTTTACCAGCAGTATGTTTTCTTCAGCTCTGCAAAGTTATTCTGACTCTCAATGTAAATCCAGGGAGAAAAGAGGAAAAATAATTGTCCAAATTCTCAAGAAGGTATTAGAAAACAAATTGCTAAAATACAGAAAAAAATTGCTGTACCATTGGGTGGTTAATGTTTAAAATAAACTAAAGCATTTCCCTTCATGCCAGGCTGAGAAACAGAGTTCTGGCTCCTTCCCTCTGGACTGCATGCTTCAGGGACATGAAACACAATCCAGAAACCATATTTAAGCAAAGCATGAAAAGACTGAACATAGACAAACACCTGCCTTTGTAGAAAAGGAACATTTCATGGAGCGTGTAGAGTACAAACCTACTAATTAATGAGAAATGG
>Human| chrX:78717909-78719408 | element 200186 | negative
ctcaaggctttaaagtctaatctgagGGCTAGATTTCAaggaattacttccttcagtttgtgctggaatctgagagtgcgtgcaaatgtcttcccgttgcttctctcacttttatatttctcaactctccccaaatttgttcctgtgtttagtggggttaaCTTTattctttatggaataaaggtccagtaaaaccaatgttttaaaagcctatatAAatttatttatttatttatttatttatttatttatttatttatttTTcaagatggttgattaaaaaaatttatatcatatctctcccacttggaaggacaaaatagtgtataacaaatcacattgtgaacttttcctcaagaagtaacgcaggaactgaataagaaaactgaaggaaaacacagaccctttgaaagaagcaggagtctacagcatgcactgtgactcagtcgaagggctgtgagtccccggagtgtgagagggaaagaattcacccccaggatacacaaccctactgcggagcctaaaagtccaggccaccagggaaggtactaaccccatcgagcacaagaacaaacttggggagggttgtgaaatataaaagtaggagcagttaaagaaagacccttccatgcattctcagattttggcacaaactgaggacagtctttccttactgtccctcataggagaccgtgcagagggcaaccgaaaagttcaggcagtatcccaggtttaaagaaactcccaatggagttttacaatataacctcaggtggggtcaaactcctttcaccagagctggggttgggaagaatgtgggagttccaaatgcaagagctcaggtacaaaagccaggtgcaagctttgcaggtgacatggaggtgcgtggcctgaaagctgtggtttctagctctgcagggaaagttggcagtttcaaattcagattataggctaactggaactcagctcgctgctgccagtagaacattgtggagtggatctgcctctccaagtgtgtgagaactgtgtggggcttaccaccacctgctactccccacttcctacaccaactctactgtgcagcagaggcagtgatgctttcctctggaacatcaaccaagtatcctgaaacctacttcaatcccccagtacccacaggggctactgcttgccctgtatttggagactcagaacacaaacacacctgacctagctctgacttggctttgccctgccacccaccttggtagcttaacacaaaaggcagaatctcttgggagctatatagccctgcccattgcctgagaaaaagagtaacctccatcctgccagacaacataaggagaacaaacatctcactgctaccactgaagctggttctcttttccaagcaccacctcctggctaaaggccaaccagcataatttattacagtatctcctgatagaataacactgcacccagaacggagaaaatggctgtgtgatctcagctatcacc
>Human| chr8:14910699-14912198 | element 200187 | negative
CAAACACTAATACCACACCATGTTCATGTCAGTTCTTCTGGATGGCAACTTTGTCTTTCTTCCTGCTTCCCTCATAATTGTGAATTTTCACAGTTTTTCTTTTATTTGTTTTCCTGATATAGTCGTCACTATATCTTACTAGATAAAGAATCTACACTATTTTCATACAGCCTTTCTGCCTGACTTAGTTTCCTCTCCTCTTCCGTAGTTGATTTCACATGAGTACTTGCTTGCATGGTGCACAGGTCTGTTCCATGTTACCTCCTGAACTAACCTGCAATCCTGGTCCTGTGCATCCAATGTGAATGGTAGCTGGCTGCTTATTTTAGAACTGAGAACCACAATTAACTAAGAGCAGGCTAATAAGAGTAATTAGGTGAAAAACGATATATCCCATTCCGAGTTTCATGAGATTTACTAATCATAAAAAAGAAAGTCGGAGGTGATATTGGTTTTACTCTTTTCACTTTTCTTTATTTGGGGGGGTTGGGGGCTCAGTGAAAATATGAGATAAATGCTCTTAACAGATGCTGTGCTGACACATAGGTTTCTCTTGTCAATGATATTTACCTGGATTACCTTCATTCAATTTGGATATTTCTTAGCAAAAATTCTGAAGAAATCACTTTCTACCATTTATACACACACTTATGAGTTTGACATAAACTGGCATTTCATGCTGTTCTGTGAGTGTCAGAATTCTGACACCAAAACCCAAAATCCCCCATTCTTAAATCATGACTGCCTTATCATCCTTGACAAAATTGAAAGCAAGAAACAAATTTTGGATCTAAGGTATGAAACTAACATGACATATTTGACCTTTGCAAAGTGGATGTGATGTGCAGACAGTAAAGGGATGTAGCAAAGCTTTAGAGTCTAGTACCTTGACAATAACTAGGCAAAATGACATTGCCCATACATTCTCCAGATATTGATAAGAATCTGTGTATAAGTGAATATTTAGTTCTTGCTCATAATGAAATATGTTAATACCAAATAATAATTGCTTATTTTCAAAATCATCTCAACATTAATGAAAATATTTTTAAAATAGTCACCCACATTGATTTATCTTACTTCCCTTCTGATGTTAATTCATATGAGTCAGTTCAGCTCAATACAGCTTCACCCATGTGGTCCTTAAATTCCACCTAAATATCGCTCAGGCAGAACGTAGCTTGGAGGCTATTAATAGCTTATATGCCAGTGCAGATCCTGGTGTCACCCCCACACCACACAGGTAAGTACCCAGAATTACTAACCCCTGGAGTGCTGCAATGAGAAACAATAGTTTCTACTCCTTGGGAAGACAACCTGCCTATTTGACCCTTTATTCCATGTCTTGGGTGAAACGAAGCCGTAGTATATAACAGTTTAACATGCTGGCGTTGTATTAATACTTGAATgtgttagctctaccattcactaggtatgtaacctttgaaaaaattatttatcttctttaagactcaatttTGTAgccgggcgcagtggctc
>Human| chr1:115563902-115565401 | element 200188 | negative
taacttcaattctgctccaatctgaagatcacacagacatatcaaatcctggtattacacaatgggtgggtattacacaatgacacaagtacgaggaattgaggatcattggtaccatcttggaggttggctaccattgttaccatcttggaggttggctaccatggtttctattgctgtgtctttaagtgtactgatattttcttctgaacaatccactctgtttttcagttcattcagtgacttttcttttttcattttggatactgtatttttaatctctagaagttccatttgggtcttttattataccttttatttctcttttcctcatattcatgttttcatttagattcttaaacgtattaaaaatgtttgtaaaagctctattaaggttcttgtctgtgaatttcattatttctgccattttgagcctgtttctatttattgattttccttctggtaggggtcatatttttcatttctttgcatgcctagtaatttcttattggatgctcaacattgttaattttacattttaataagtgagttatattttgttgtatttttttaaaggaatactgaactttgttctggcagacattcatgttacttggttcactcaatccttttgaaagttcctttttatctttgttcaggaaggttcagagcagccttaactctagagttaatttatcctcacttttaaagcatgacttctctgaggactctacctaattatgtattataatacttctccactttggcttatggaagcacaaactatttttagacgtaagtaagctcgaggaattgttcagcctcctgattttcagtgatctttccttggcttcctagtttcaaccccatcatatacaaattggtcatcagttgaagactcaatgaaaacccctttcagatctccagattttctttctaggcagctccctcctcttcatttctctgtcctaaaaattctaggcatttcagactccctgaacttctatacgtttcttcacaattccttaagagtatagtctctttttggctccccctctctgtgctgtagcctagaaactgccttcaggtttctaggacaatcgtagggcttaatttatttgtttcttttctttcagtatcagccttgtggtgcctattatccaaagtttatgaataattggttcatatattttgccctgttttctaactgtttttagtagaagagaaattcttataccagtgaatccttgatgggtgaaagcagaaatATGTGGGGCTTTTGGGAGAAGCTGAATAGTCTgggcactgaccaatgaaaacaatggttagtagtgctggagtagagactgggaggcctcctcttgtgccaggcaGGGAAGAGCTTTTCCCTACTCTTGACTTCCTTGAAATCAAAATGTGTTTACCTAAACACATTTTGGTCCTCTCCCTATTCCTTTACTGACTTTACCTATGGGGAGGTTCACCAAACCTGGTTCATAT
>Human| chr10:104606931-104608430 | element 200189 | negative
CAGAGGTGGGAGATGGCATCTGATGGCATCTGTCCCACTCTCTGGGAGTGGTCTGTCTGCAAGTTTAGTAAGGATGGAGTGAAGGCTGCTGGAATTAGGCAGGAAGGCAGCAGGTAGGGGGCCTCATGATGAAGAAGAGCTGGCCAGGCCTCATAAGCCAGACTGCCTGGTTGCCCATTACTCAGAATTTTCAAATGTTGTTCAGATTTTTAAGGCCATTTGCAGCCAGAGGTATGGGCTGGGATGAAACCTATGAGAAACCTTCATGCAAGAAAGGGGATTTGAGGTAGGCCTTGAAGGAGAGCTAGGACtgatgcaggacagacagacaggcaaacctctaaactggggcttagcccaggagggttcttggcttcacccaggaaagaattccagggcaagctggtggtggtagccagcaagcagcagcgcacagagcagaagaggtactgctcctcgtggagcagggctacccaggggcagtgcccccaaagtcacagctcagaggcagagctgcactcacatttacagtcacttttaattatatgcaaattaaggggtggtttatgtagaaatttctaggatgaggtagtaattttcaggccatcaagttattgccatggaaaggggtgttaatatccgggtgttgccaaggcaatggtaaagtgacatggcacactggtgggtgggtcttatggaaagctgcttctgccctggacctggttttttgttttgttttgttttgtttttttttgagatggaacctcactttgttggctcactgcaacctccacctcccatgtgcaagcgattctcatgcctcggcctcccaagcaggtgggactacaggcacccaccaccacactggctaatttttgtattttagtagagatggggtttcaccatgttgactagggtgatcttgaactcctgagctcaggcaatctgcctgcatcagcctcccaaagtgctaggattacaggtgtgagccactgtgcccggcctgccctagatctgtttaactggtcctcaatttggtcaggtgtctgagccctgcctccagagtaaggttcaccttcctgagtccagtcctacctcctacctcaGAACTGTTAGGTAGAGATGTGAAGGAGTAGGGAGAGAAGGGTGTTGCTGGAAGGGAGAGTAGCAGAGGCTGGAAGGAGCATGGCAGGAGGGGAATGGTGATGGCCTTAGCTGAAGAGACAAAGAGGTGTGTTGTGGGGGATCCCTGAGAAAGATCTGAGGGGTACATTGTGTCAGGCTCTGGAGCCCTGGAATGGAAGGGTATAAAGGGTATAGGGAGGCTGTAGGAGCTATTGAGAGCACTGCAGCAGGGAGCAGCAAGGTGACAGTGGTGTTTTAGGAGGGTGAAACTGGTGTTGGTGCATGGGGTAGGCTGGATGAGGAGATCGTGTGTAAAGCCTGAGAGCTGGACTGACAAGTGGAGAGGCCTGAATCCTAAGATCCAGGCAGGGGCCT
>Human| chr2:15557361-15558860 | element 200190 | negative
AGGATTACTAGAATCACTAGCTAGTTTAGAAAAACACCTAACTAGAACGGAAAAAAAAAGTTATACAGATGGGTCTGAGTAAAGGGCAAGCAAGGTATAAACACAACCAAAATAGTTTTATATGTGTTTAGTAAGTTATGCATAATATTTTACTGTGAAAAAAGTCAATCTTTATTTACTAACTTCTCAGGTCTGTAGAACATTTCATCTTTGGTTTGAGACACATATGTATCAAAGTGCATAGAAAATGCTTTAAAATATTTAAAAAGGAAGTTAAAATAAAACCTACACTATTCATCAGTAATCTTAGTTTTTCAATGTCTTTCATCTGCTGGAGTTCTTTCAGGGTTAGAGTTACATCACACCTGGCTTCATAAACCAATGTTTCCAGAGTAACCAAATTGTCACAGAGAACCAGCAAACCAGGAATATTCCGCTCCATCCCAAGTCGAATAAGTGACAATGCACAGTCCACCTAAAATTGAAAAGCAACAATAAGTTCCTGAGTATTATATATTTCTCATCTATTCTAAAGTAAAAGTCTCCAGTACAGAATCTAATTCTTATAATCATTTTTTATAAAATTGCATTACCAGTAACATACGTTTTTTATTTACTGCAAAAACATCAGAGTCCTTTATCAAATACATCAGCATCAAACTGTTTCAAAGGAATCAAACAATCAGCAAGAAATACGGAAGAGAAAGACAACCaacctattataaatttgtagagcgttacagttcacaatgcagctttacatatttcttttaattcttacaacaTTATATTTACATAATAAGAGAAAAAACACATACCTACTAATGATAATGTCAAAATAACCTTATTTTTACTATTACCACTCTGCTTCCAAAAAGAAtgtttgttttgaaggttttacttttatattcctgtatagtatctatcctttcacactgcctttccatataaaagtcattcaataaatatttgctgaataactatgttacaaacactttcttggTCTCAGTTCAAATATTTAGCCTTCAAAAGACAAAAACACAGACTGATATTCCTGAAGATGCTCAGGAAACAGCCATTTGACCCCTATTTCCTGGTCAAGTTTATGAACTGATACATTCTCCGAGTGATAGAGAAATGATCTAGTGTAGTCTAAAGCCATTCTCTCTCACACTACTTCTTACTCTCCTATTCCcaattattcatgaggacctactagaagctaagcaccattcaccatttgtgttagaaatacaaaactgagtaagatgaggtctcttccttcaaagatctctcagccttgtaagaaaagacaaccacaatgactgaagcagagtgcagtgagtgctgtgtatgatgcggatcccacagaagacagtacttagccagcctgagagggtcccagaggagggaacacttagcatggactctaaagaatcaaagggtatttgtgaggtgaggaaggaagattatgggaaggagagcagcatggaatgcaga
>Human| chr6:48420765-48422264 | element 200191 | negative
agaggtgtgaagtgggaaatcaggtgtctcacagccttcggagctgagagcctcaaacagatttactcatgtatttattaaccacaagccagtcatagcattgtttctatagatattagattaactaaaagtatcccttatgggaaacaaagggaagggctgaaataaaaggatgacttgggttagttatctgtagcaggagcatgtccttaagtcacagatcgctcatgctactgtttgtggtttaagaatgcctttaagtggttttcggccctgggtgggccaggtattccttgccctcattccagtaaagccacaaccttccagcgtgagcattatggccatcatgaacatgtcacagtgctgcagagattttgtttatggccagttttggggccagtttatggccagattttgggggggcctgttcccaataccttactcttgcaaaaatggccataataaaaaaaaattaaaaacagtagatgttggtgtggttgtggtgaaaagggaacacttctacactgctggtgggaatgtaaactagtacaaagactatggaaaacagtgtggagagtccttaaagaactaaaagtagaactaccatttgatccagcaattccactactgggtatttactcaaataaaaataagttattatatgaaaaagataaacacacatgcatatttatagcagcacaatttgcagttgcaaaaatatggaaccgaactaagtgcccagcaatcaatgagtgaataaagaaaaaaagtgtgtgtgtgtatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatgcaccatggaatattactcagcaataaaaaggaactaattaatggcatttgcaacaacctggatgcaactggagactattattctaagtgaagtaactcaggaatggaaaatcaatcatcatatgttctcattcataagagggagctaagctttgaggttgcaaaggcataagaacgatacatggattttggtgacttaggcaaaagggtgggaggggtgtgagggaaaaaagactacaaatggggttcgttgtatactgctggggtgatgggtgtaccaaaatcccacaaatcaccactaaagaacttattcatgtaatcaaataccaccagtttccccaaaacccatggaaataaagaatttaaaaataatatttaaaattttttgtgggtacatagtaggtgtatatatttttggcatacataagatgttttgatacaagcatgcatggaaaataagcacatcctggagaatgggggatccatcctctcaagcattttcctttgagttacaaagaatctaattatattctttaagttattttaaaatatacaattaagtcattattgactataggcaccctattgtgttatcaaatagtaggtattactcattctttctaagtttttatacccattaaccatccccacttcccctccaattccccactacccttcccagcctctta
>Human| chr4:71971392-71972891 | element 200192 | negative
attccctatttaataaatggtgctgggaaaactggctagccatatgtagaaagctgaaactggatcccttccttacaccttatacaaaaatcaattcaagatggattaaagacttaaacattagacctaaaaccataaaaaccctagaagaaaacctaggcattaccattcaggacataggcatgggcaaggacttcatgtctaaaacaccaaaagcaatggcaacaaaagacaaaatagacaaatgggatctaattaaactaaagagcttctgcacagcaaaagaaactaccatcagagtgaacaggcaacctacaaaatgggagaaaattttcgcaacctactcatctgacaaagggctaatatccagaatctacaatgaactcaaacaaatttacaagaaaaaaacaaacaaccccatcaaaaagtgggcgaaggacatgaacagacacttctcaaaagaagacatttatgcagtcaaaaaacacatgaaaaaatgctaaccatcactggccatcagagaaatgcaaatctaaaccacaatgagctaccatctcacaccagttagaaaggcaatcattaaaaagtcaggaaacaacaggtgctggagaggatgtggagaaataggaacacttttatactgttggtgggattgtaaactagttcaaccgttgtggaagtcagtgtggcgactcctcagggatctagaactagaaataccatttgagccagccatcccattactgggtatatacccaaaggactataaatcatgctgctataaagacacatgcacacatatgtttattgtggcattattcacaatagcaaagacttggaaccaacccaaatgtccaacaatgatagactggattaagaaaatgtggcacatatacaccatggaatactatgcagccataaaaaatgatgagttcatgtcctttgtagggacatggatgaaactggaaatcatcattctcagtaaactattgcaagaacaaaaaaccaaacaccgcatattctcactcataggtgggaattgaacaatgagatcacatggacacaggaaggggaacatcacactctggggactgttgtggggtggggggaggggggagggatagcattgggagatatacctaatgctagatgacgagttagtgggtgcagcacaccagcatggcacatgtatacatatgtaactaacctgcacagtgtgcacatgtaccctaaaacttaaagtataataaaaataaataaataaataaataataagaaaaaaaAGTCTGTAAAGAGACTAAAAATACAGAGAAATTAAAAAAAAAAtaaagtctatctgtctgtattattattgccaccatgccctattggttattgcttgcatggaatattttttttatcctttaactttcaatctgttagtgtccttggatctaaagtgagatatgttatctatcttgtagatagcatatagatagcatatagttagatcatgtgttt
>Human| chr18:62438622-62440121 | element 200193 | negative
AGAAGTAATTAGGTTCTCAGTTTTGGAGAGGTCAAACTTTCACCAACTGTACAAGTGTCCATCCCTGAAGCTGTATTCATTAACGTAGTAATGAGCTGTTGAAATAGCAATGCAGAACAAAGCTACAATGCAAGGAAACTAATTGGCTTAAGGATATGTTCAGCTATCCTGCTGTTCTAGAGACAGATGCTTTTTTATATAAGATGGACACTGAATTCCATTATTGGTGAAACATGATGCTCTCTCTGTTCACAGGTCCCAGACTCATGAATTTCTGAAAACTTAAATTTTAGATCTCCTGATGTTGTTCAGCAATTCGAGCAAAATGTCCCGGAAATCTTCTTTAGTGTTTTCCAGGGAAGTCTTGTTAACAAAGCAAGGTCTTCTTGAGTCCCATGTTTACAGAAGACCCTGCTCACAGAACGATCTCATCTGTTTTATCTTCAGTGGTACCTCAGTTACCTTTCCTTTGCTGCATGGCCCCAGATCATACCAATAAGCCATCAAGTATAGGTCATCAAGCAACAGTTCAAAGAAAAAAAAATCAGTAACATTTCTATATCACCCTTGGAGAAAAGAAGACATCTTAGAGCACACAGCATTCTGATGGTGGCTGAATGCCAAATGCCACATTATTATTACAACACGTTTTGGTAACAAGTGGCAGGAGCTTTGTTTCTGTCTTGAAACACCTCTTCTGCATATGTAGACGTAAATCCTATTGGAGTCATAGTTTCAATAATAATTTATTTTCATGTACTTGGCCATTTAGAAACCAGCCTGCTAGAGGCTAGCTCTTTACATGCATGGACTTCTCTCTTCCTCATTCCTATGCCCCTTCCTTCTAAATCTAGAGCTCCCTGTGCCAATTACTTTTTTATTTAGGAATCAGAAAATTAAGCCTTATCCTTTATCTCCTATCCCCACCTCAATCCACACAACCATACAAACTTTCAATCCCTTGATGTCTAAGTTGATTTCACAAATATTTAGTAACCCATGCTCTATGATTTGCATTGTGTTATAGGCTGTAAATCCAGATACATATAGCATGATCACAGTGTCTGAACAGTGTATAACCTTGTTCTGTAAGTGCAGGAATGACATAAACCAGTGGTTATTCTCCCAAAGTCTCTAAAATTGCATGTAGAGTGTCTTAAATATACATTTCTGGTTTAATGAATTAATGTTCCTCTGCATTAACAAGAAGGATGACTTCCTGTACAAATGTTCTGATCTCCTTAACCTTGATAATATGGTCTAAGTTTTTCAGATTTGATAAATTTGGACATCATCCAATACCTAGCCAGGTCATTATGATTTATGTATAATGAGAATATTGAACGCAGATTAAAATGATTAAATACCAACATTGTGTTATGCGTCACTATTAAACCTTGATGTAGCCTCATATTAACATGTTTCTTGCCATTTTTGCTTTGTATTTTATAGCACAGCTTCTCATGATTTATTTTCCTTATAAATTGTGCTATTTGCTGA
>Human| chr4:100867243-100868742 | element 200194 | negative
GGGCCACATAAACAACACAGATACAAATAAAGCCTCACTGTGGTAAGACGGGACCAGACAAGTCTCCTCCAGGGAGAATGAAACCCGGACATTTAGGACAGCGGAACGCGGAGCCGGCGGGCAGGCGGGTGCAGAGGAACCTCGCGCAGCATTCCCCGAGCCCCAGCCCGGAGCCGGGGCTGGGGCCAGGGCGGGGGTGTGTCGGGATGCTCCCCACCGGGCCTGGGGCTGGGGCTGGCTCAGACAGGCCGGGGGCCCCGCAGGCCTCCAGGAGGGGCCGAGGTGGGGGCAGGGGCGGGCTACGCGGTGGTCTGGGGATTGGGCAGGAAGAGAAGGGACGCTGAGGTCTCACCGCGGGCCGAGGGCAGTGGGTAGAGCTTCTCGGCCTTCTGCAGGAAGCGCTGGGCCTTCTCGCGGTTGCCGGCGTTCAGGGCCTCCCGGGCGATCTCGACACATTTCTCAGCCTCATCCCTGTTCCCCTCCATAGCTTGCTCCTTCTTCCGTTTCCTCCGGCAGCGCAGCTAAGAAGggcggaagccgccgccgcggaggaggcgaggcgggaccggctgggggcgtgcggcggcagcggggaggagcgcaggggaccgcggcagcggctgcgacggcCCGGGCGGACGGGCGGGCCTCGCAGCTCCGCCTCCTCAcggcggcctccccgccccccgcgggccccTAGGGCGCGATCCGCATCCGTCCCGGCCCAGGACCAACCTCCTGGGCCGGGGCGTCCGAGCTGACTCGGTGGTCCGCGCACGGCGCCAGCAGGCTCGAAGCGGACCTGCCCGGGAGGCGGACGATAGCAGCCGGGCTGCCCATCGCGGGGAGGGGTTCCGCCCGGGACCCGATTGCCGGCATTGGTAGCGCCGTGCCCTGTGACCTCCAGGCGAGGCCCTCGCAGCTCAGGCCAGGAGGACAGGGTCCGGGAAGGGGACACTCGTTTTCAGTAAAATTGCCAGGACTTGGAGGTTCCGCCTCTGGGCCCCTCAAGCGAGGGAGGATGCGGTCAGGTGAGGACCAAGGTGTCAGTCCAGTCTCAGCACTTCCGGGACACGTTAGAGCGTCGTTTGAACCTAATCTTAGGGCTTGTATGGCAGCCTTATTTCAGCTACATTTTTTCTGACCCGGATGTCTGGCTATCCAAAGTACAAAGCAGTTTAATTTGTAGCTTGCAACGAGTGGTGCAGATCGACCTTAATCCTGTGTAGCCAAAACAAGGCAGGAATCAGCCCCTCAGGGGCTGCCCTAACGAAAGCAAACTTTTGATTTCACCTTTTCCGTCCCATTTGGATAACATTACCACTTGGAAGTACCGTGTCTTGTTAGTCTTCGCGGTGGGGGTGGGGGGAATGTTTGCTATGTGCAAATTTTTTAAAAAAAAACATGACAAACTGTCAAAATGACCTGCTCAACCCAACCACAAGGTAACAATTTTTACATAATGCTGTGAGCCAAGCTGTTAATTCTGCTAACTACCAT
>Human| chr4:95431094-95432593 | element 200195 | negative
tactttgtatccttcaatccaatcaagttgccacgcagtatcaaccatcacaCCCCACTAGTTTAATAGttcattcttacagtcatcagcatctggcacttatgtaatcactcagtaaacgtatagtaaatgaataaatGCATAGTTCAGTATTAAATGTCAGGGGGCTCAACTGTTACCAGTGGAAAGAAGATTCTTGTTCTTTAGATGAATTCTTTCTAAAGAAACAACAATTTAAGGTCTGAAAAAGTAGAAAAGGTAGATTATTCCCACTCCTAGTTTTCTCTGGAGTTTTCCACTCCAGTTTTTGGGTTTCTATTGGTGATGTGGTTTTAGGTTTTTGAGAAATACCCATGTTTGCTGGATAAGACAAGAGGAAATTATTTGGAAGATCTGTGTAAATATTTGCACACCATGTTTTTTTCCAAATAAATTCTTTGATGACATCCTAGATTTTTTTTGTCTGTCTTCATGTGTTTGGAATGGTTCCCCAATCTGCATTCTTAGTGATGTCTGCTTGAAACAGTTTACCATGCCCCTTTTTCCTGTTGCTGTGTATTAGATTATTATACGAAAACGCAGACCTTTTAGTAATTTTCAGTTTTACTTCTGTATGTTTAACTTTGATTATTGTTCATCTGATAGTCCTAATTTTGTTGCTGTTTTAATCAGTTTTGCAATGATCTCGTCTTTTTCATCTTAGACCCAGAGCTGATTTTAACCACTTAATGCTAATCTCAAGAATTCTCTCAGTTATTTTAATATTTTAAAACAGGAAAATAggctggccacagtggctcacacctgtaatcctagcactttgggagactgaggcaggcggatcacttgaggtcaggaattcgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaaccccatctctactaaaaaaatacaaaaattaactgggcatgatagTACAAATAAAATAAAATAAGGAAATAAAAATAATACGTATGTAGCAACTGGAGAAGAATACAAATTTGTTGCCCACATGAAAAATGAGTATTAGTGTTAATAACTGTTTAGACTAATGAAAAATTGTAAAGTCTATGTAAATATTTATCACCTCttagaattgaaaagaaccctagaaacatttgatctaaccatcttgtacagctaagcggaatgaggccagagatataattggcttgcccaaagtcacaacatttgttagtggtaatagtgctagaattggcctcaggtttcctttatactactaagggttgcaagggcatgggctgtcaggcactttcatacatagtttgtggaattataaatggccacaaatattctggctagcaacctagtatcatagaacagaaattttagtgtgcataccttttTATTATTTTTTTTTATttttaatttttgtgggtacatggtaggtgtatatatttatcgggtacctgagatgttttcgtacaggcatgcaatgcataataatcacatcgtggagaatcgggtctccatcccctgaa
>Human| chr20:8381646-8383145 | element 200196 | negative
tccaccaacaacaatcaagattacctgtttcttcatactcttgccaacaccatgtttgattgaatttttttgatctttgaaatgttatagatgaaaaattgggagctctttattacttaaatttgaatttcttctactgtgagtggagaggaaacttttcatattgtgttgtttgtatttctaaccatatcctttgcccattttccAATATATAGTTCTTCTCACTGTTTCGTAAGATATTTTGATATATTAAGAGCTATCATATACTGGAAATATGATCTCCAGCTTTTAATTTTAATTTGACCTTGTAGAATTATTGCCTTCCAGAATTATGTTTTGTAGTCAAATTTATTAGTCCCTTTTTAAAAACTGTACTTCCAAACAGAGCACCGCTTGGAATAACTATTCTAAAATAATAAAGATTATTTTGTGATTTCTTCCAGTGTTTTTATGATTTTAATTTTTATGGTTGTATCTTTGAGCTATCTGGACCTTATTTTATGACAGTGACAAAGGAATCTTtattagtcaggattaaagtagtccatgataacaaacaactcccaaatgtcagtggaataacacatcaaaaatacatctcttgctcaaaccatctgctgaaggtctgcaaaaacattccaagatagctatcctcagtgatctagggatgtttctgtcttgagctcaaccatctcagcaagaggccttgcatttgctgtggcaggagaaaacagctagagaatcaaagaggattcctcaatgcctcagcctagaagtgacatgcatcccttctgcttattgaccatgtccaagtcacatggcccagcccaattcaaggaggctgggacatacagattccagtatgcccaggggtgaaaggagaaccagtgattagtgagctcataatgtttaccataATATCTATtttatgttactctagatggctgccaggtcatctaacattacttattgcataacctatttttttctcattgatttggaatgctatcttggttatacactgaaagcttctgtatctttccattttcccctgagatcattgacttttctatatatttttagactagtaataaaatgttttaattattgtggctttacaatatatattacttggtatagtcctgctttatcaagttttatttacatttatattaattttcatttgaatttcagaatcaatttatattgttctcctaaaaaccatgtgtattttttattggtatttctttaagtgatgagattaatgttataacactttatgtctttagcatactacttttatgcaagcagaaaatatgtcttcatttatattcaggttgtcttttgtattccttagtaatgttttaaggtctttatcatatagatcttacagttaaagttaagcttccgctgagtgttacatcactttgatgttttaagtggagcttttatttacatttctaaccaccttttattaaataaaaggaaactaatttttga
>Human| chr2:206522301-206523800 | element 200197 | negative
CTGCATCCTCGTCTAACATGTGAGCATCTTAAGTATGTATTGTAATTCTTTTTTCATTACAAGTGCAGTAATTCATAAACACAAATCTCTTGTATTGGCTGCTTTTAGAAGGAGTCTGAAAATCAAGTGAGCATGTGTAACATTGCAGGGGGACGGTATGTGCTGGAGAAATATCAGCCTGCACAGTCCTTACCAAAGGCATTTTGAAACAGAACATTTTGGCATTGGTTCTGGACAAGCTTTAAGACAGGAATTTCCCCACGAGGCCAAATTTCTAGTCATGAAAATTTGGGAAGAAAAATCATGATTTCCAACTCTAATTATATCTCAGAGGTTGAGTCATCATGTGACCTCAGAAGCATTTCCTAAACTCACATAAAGCTTCCAATTTCTCTTGTGCACATcttggaactagaagactcagtttcccagttgggttgaccacttaccagtcatgttaccctggacaaatcactaacctctctgaggcccaacgtcttcatccataaaatgggaataatggtggctgccctaacctaacctatgttttatgttgtatagatgaaacgagggcatttttatgtgggagtgctttgtaaaccatgaaagctatgtaagtgtaagtgactgctaataGCAGGAGTCAAGTCATCTTAAGAACCCTGCAGTTATAGGAAGACAGACTTGTTCATAATCATAAATCACACTGAGCAGTAACCACCTCTAAGGTGTGGTGTGCTTATTATCTATGCTAAGTAGCACTGATAGGGAAGTTAGAGAGTTCTAAGACTGAAAATCTTCAGCATTATCAGATGGATTATAGAACATGGTTTTGTTGGTCTAGCCTTTCCCCATCTTACCCTACCCTGCCACCACCACCTAGTCTCCTAATTCCACTGAGGAATTATTTCCTAACACCATGTAGTCCTGGTTGGACTTTTATGTGTGGAGTCTCCTCCACACCCTCATATAgggtgggcaaccaggttggccaatcagaatattccattctctggcctaagggatgggcgtcaactcaagcatggccaattgtgggtattttcaatgattgatgtacaagtgttgggagaaagtccactgaaattgctaagctgggaggatgtgagttgtctgctacttgaacaaagcctgcttgagagtgtcaccaagcaaagacaagctgaagcaagacagagatgattagtgaggacacatgtgtatgattgggaaatggtttaatgccttcacattacttgtgttcctgagtcaaaccgtgacttgactcctgatttcccaagtatatgagccaatgaattcccattttatttaagctaatttgagttgaatatctactccttgcaatagtaaaatgcttactgatacTGTCATGAACCAATGAAAAGCAGACAAGATTTATCAGTTCACCTTTGGGGGAAGGTGAGCCACATAAACATAACCTTCATGATTAGATGAAGCAGTTGCTTTGTGATTCTTTTCATG
>Human| chr11:119146971-119148470 | element 200198 | negative
TATTGATTTGACCTTCAGGTCCTGGAAGACTTTTGTTTTTCTTTTTTAGGGATTCCATGAGTGAAATTATTCTCTACCACTTCAGTTATTACCATAAATAAACTTTATCTTTCTTTTTTCCAAATGTTAACTTATTTTCAAGCCTGTGTTAGGTTTTAAAATATACCAATTAGCAGGAAATTTGACCAGTTATTTAACTAGTCGGCATTCAAGTGATTCAATGTTCCTAATAGCCATAGGCCTCAGTGGCCTTCATCTGCTTTCATCCTCACTTCGCTTTTGTTCAGCAGCATTTCTTCAGGCCTTGGGCTACTGTAACCTATGCTGCTATTTATAACTAAGTCCTTATTTATTCCAGAATTGCTATTCCTTTGAGAATTCAAATTAATTATCAGTTGGTAAACACTTAAAAATACTAACAGTTGACCAGATGGCAGAAAACTAGCTTGTGTTTTGAAGTGATTAGGAAAATACATTTTATATTATACATTATCTTTTACTTACAATAGCATTGGGACTGAAAGGAGTGCTGCCCCAAATGTCAGAACAGTTTGATGCTAGAAACTGTGGATCTCCCTGGTAGATGATCTCAGTAGCTTAATTTGCATATTGTTACATTGCTTTTAAATTGGTGTCTCTCATTTTCTTAAACCTGTAAACCTTCTTTGATCAAAAGCAAATGCAGTTTAAACTAAGAAGTTAAgccgggtgcagtggttcacacctgtgatcccagcactttgggaggccgagacgggtggatcacctgaggtcaggagttcaagaccagcctggccaacatggcaaaaccctgtctgtactaaaagtacaaaaagttagccggacgtggtggtgggtgcctgtaatcccagctacttgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttgaatccaggaggcggaggtttcagtgagccaagatcactcactgcaACCTCAAAAAAAAAATAAGAATCTGTCGCGcacacacacacacacacacacacacacacaTAAAGAATTTCTATCTGGTGGCCATCCATTGATTAAAAATgggttggtaaactgtgacccatgggccacctgtttgttcccccggggagccaagatagcttttcctaagagtcgttttgaaaaaaacaatcagagaagaatatgtgacacagactaatgtggcctacaaatcctaaatgattttctatctggccctttacagaaaagcttgctaaccAACCCCTTGATTAAAAGATAGAGCCTATGGCATTGTTACCTGGAGAAGGAATAATAGTTTTTGGAGAATATCTTTAAACTGTTCTGTGTTTTTTATTTTTTTGAAGTATTATTTTTTGGAAGTATTTTTTTTTTGAAGTAAGATTGATCTTTATACTTACACCACGTTGCCCTTTTAGAATGGAGAAACTCCCAGATTCCATTTGTCTATATTAGCAAGCACTGGCAAATTGGCTTAAATAAAACCCAGGGTTGGTTACTCTTTACAGCTATT
>Human| chr8:79407150-79408649 | element 200199 | negative
agaaaagacaGATACACAGAtagatatagatgtatatcctattagttttgtttccttggaaaccctgactaatacaGGTACTAACAGGCAAAGTGAGTTAAATCTTACACAGAAAGGCTGGAATCAGAAGTCAAGTTAGGAGGAGGTGAAGCACCTGCAGAGGTGTTGTCACAAtggtaaagtactatccttaatctgatctttgctgctgaattagctcccattgtctTGTCTTAACTTTTAAAGGAAAATGCTTGAAAAAGTTTTTAGGCCACAGTGATATTTCCTACAAAGACTACTGTTTTGTAGCCATGGCATGTAACTGCTTCCATTCCACGTAGCATAACAGTCAGATTTTTGTGCCCTGAATGGTCCTGACTTATCATACTCTCAATCAGTTTCAATTACAGGCTGCAGGCAGATAGCACCTCCTTTTATCAAAGCAAtattccctttcatctccgcttgcaggttggctagctctagcctgagttcatctcacttctgaagaacttgtttcaaacaataagaaacagcaagacaacagctttctgaagatttccttccatatagggaataagagttaaataagcccattgctatcctttaaaatgtgagaagcaatagttttactaacaactttgccacagcgtaacaaatatcacgaattcttcaAAACACTGTATGAGTTACATAGGGCAGGGCCTATACGTAAAGAGAAGAGGTCTAATgtttggaagaggagaactaactaatacaggagccccagatgaagtgattagtgaagtcagagggaaactaaaagagagtggcatcgaagtgataggtatcaagtgcttcaaggagggagaaagtgactgtgccaaatgcttataacaggttggaaagtgagttcttagagctgactaccaggttcagcaatgagatagccatgagtgacaatgatgggaaatgcttcTTATGAAAGTAGATTCCTAGGCTCCTTGTTTTTTAGGGGATATTCATTAATCCCATGGAAACTTTCTACACTGTCTCCTGAAATATAACAAAAAGAGTCCTTGCTTTTCAGCATAATTTGAAACAAACACTTCTACTAATAAGACTAGTAAAAAAGAAAAAAAAGGCCAATATTAAACCTAATGGCATTATTTACTCAAAATATAACTTCAAAAGACCTATATGTGTAAAATAAACTATTGCTAAAAGAGACATTTTTTAAATCAAATATTTGCCAATAACAGGAAAGGGCATCAAGttttaattcttaaaattataaaatcattaatataatCTAGTTTAATGAACCAAGTCAATATTTAGAAAACAGAAATTTTAGTAATAAATAATGTTAACTTTATGAAGAAAGTCAAGCAAACATGAAACTAAATTCTGATTTTCTAATATTCCTCTAAGTAGCTCAAGAATATTGTGCTATTCACAATTTTTCCTTTAATCAAAAACTAAAAATAATTATCATCACTCAGTATTTGGAGAGGAGGG
>Human| chr10:110294874-110296373 | element 200200 | negative
actcccacacaataatagtgggagactttaacacctcactgtcaatattagacagatcaacgagagagaaagttaacaagaatatccaggacttgaactcaactctgcaccacgccgacctaacagacatctacagaactctccagccctaatcaacagaatatacattcttctcagcaccacattgtacttattccaaaactgaccacatagttggaagtaaagcactcctcagcaaatgtaaaagaacagaaatcacagcagactgtctctcagaccacagtgcaatcaaataagaactcaggattaagaaactcactcaaaactgctcaactatatggaaactgaacaacttgctcctgaatgactactgggtaaataatcaaatgaaggcagaaatacagatgttctttgaaaccagtgagaacaaagacacaatgtaccagaatctccaggacacatttaaagcagtgtgtagaaggaaatttatagcactaaatgcccacaagagaaagcaggaaagatctaaaattgacaccctaacatcacaattcaaagaactagagaagcaagagcaacacattccaaagctagcagaaggcaagaaataactaatatcagagcagaactgaaggaaatagagccacaaaaagcccttcaaaaaatcaatgaatccaggagcgggttttttcaaaagatcaacaaaattgatagactgctagcaagaccaatgaagaagaaaagagagaagaatcaaatagatgcaataaaaaatgataaagggaatatcaccaccattcccatagaaattcaaactaccatcagagaatactagaaacacctctacgcaaataaactagaaaatcctgaagaaatcgataaattcctggacacatacaccctcccaagactaaaccaggaagaagttgaatctctcaatagaccagtaacagactctgaaattgaggcaataattaatagcttacccaccaaaaaaagtccaggaccagatgaattcaaagcagaattctaccaaaattacaaagaggcggtggtatcattccttctgaaactatttcaatcaaaagaaaagaggtaatcctccctaactcattttatgaggacaatatcatcctgataccaaagcttggcagagacaaaacaaaaaaagagaattttaggccaatatccctgatgaacatcaaggcaaaaatcctcaataaaatactggcaaaccgaatagagcagtacatcaaaaagcttatccaacaagatcaggttggcttcatccctggattgcaaggccggttcaacatatgcaaatcagtaaacgtaatccagcatataaacagaaccaaagacaaaaaccacatgattatctcaatagatgcagaaaaggcctttgacaaaattcaacagcccttcatgctaaaaactctcaataaactaggtatggatggaacgtatctcaaaataataagagctatgtatgacaaaccc
>Human| chr7:99861503-99863002 | element 200201 | negative
ttcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgggattacaggcgcccgccaccacgtcggctaatttttgtatttttggtagaatcggggcttcaccttgttagccaggctggtctcgaactactgacctcaggtgatgcacctgcttggccctcccacaggtgccaggattacaggcgtgagccactgcgcccagcTACAACTGACTTTTTTGATCCCTGGGAGATAAGTCAACACCGAGGGACGACCGGTCCTAAGCCCTGGACATGGACCTGGGGGTGAGGACAGAAGGGGATCAGGACCAGCCCTCTCATCCTGCACCCTGAGGCATGGGTGATCCCAGGAAGCCACTCACCAGGCACCAGGGTGGCTTCCTGGAGGAGAGGATGCTGAAGCCGACCTCAAGAAGTGTCTGTGTTAGGTTTAAGGACTCATGAGAGTTCTCTGGCTGGACTAAAGGTAGCATGATCACATAGTCAGGTTTGCCCTATTGTCTGCAGGttgttgttattattgttaagatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgagacagagtctcattatgttgtccaggctggagtacagtggtgcaatctcggctcactgcaacctctacctcctaggctcaaggaatcctcccacctcagcctcctaagtagttgggatcacaggcaggcgccatcatacctagctaatttttttgtattttttgcagagtcggggtcccaccatgttgcctccgctggtctccaattcctgagctcaagcgatcagcctaaagtgctgggattacaggcttgCTGGGATTACAGGCAtactgggattacaggcatgagccactgcacttggccAACCTAGTAATTATTTTAAGTACTTCCTGCTATTCTAAAAAATGTTTGTTCCCGTCTCAATGATAAATGGCAGGGTCATTTCATTCCttatctgttgctacataacaaattaccccaaatcttagtggcttgaaacaacaacaaacttttattatctctcacagttcctatgggttaggaatttaggtgtggctgaacttggcagttcaaggcattggctggggctgcaatccattggaaggcttgcctggggcgaaaggatctgttttcaaagccccgctctgccggttgagggtgggatgcctcagttcctctccatatgggcctctccatggggctgcttgggtgtcctcaggccttgggggttggtttcccacagagcaagggatctgggagagagggagcgccacgcagaagctatcgttttgtgccctagcctcggaagtcttgcggtattgcttttaccatctcctagtgacttagaagaaagtagccaagacagacatttaaaggagaggggGGTGGAGGGATCCTAGCtttttttttttttttttgacacggagtctggctctgttgcccaggctggaatgcagtggcgggatctcggcttcacgccattctcctgcctcagcctcctga
>Human| chr2:105527415-105528914 | element 200202 | negative
acaagtaatctagagacgatttaaagtatatgggaggatgtaagtaggtcatatacatatggccattttatatcagggacttgagtattcatggattttgatagcccaaggagtcctggacccaaatgcccatagatactgagggacaaccgTATGGTCAAAATGTGCTACATGggccgggcatgatggcttacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggtgtcatgtgaggtcaggagttcaagaccagcctggccaaaatggcaaaatcccatctctactaaaaagtacaaaaaaaaaaatagccaggtgtggtggcaggcacctgtaatcccagctactagggaggctgaggcagacagaattgcttgaacctggaaggcagaggttgcagtgagctgagatcgcaccactgcactccagcctgggcgacagagcgagactccgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGTGCTACACGGCCACAAACAGTCATAAGACATTGCAAGGGATGTGCTGAAAGGGAGATGCTGCCTGTGATGACCCAGGCAGTGAACAGAGTGGAACATAAGAGAAGTGTGGTGGGAACCATGTCCTGAAAGCCTGGGAGAAGAGCATCTCCCAGCAGGTTCATGGCTGGCTTTGAGGACTTGAAAAGCCCTACATACCCCCTGACACAGAGAAAATAAAAAACATGAATTTATCCATGAGTGTTAAGGTAAGGAGGAGAGTGGAGGAAAAGATGTGGAAGAGAAAGGACAACTACAAAGAGAGGAACCATCCGAGACTGGGAAGCATGAAAAGCTGATTCAGGAAACTCTACCTACCCCAGACCCAAACAAGTGGTCTCgagagagagagggagagagagagagagatgcgagagagggggagaAGCTGTAAGTGACACAGAAAAGTATGTTGTGTAAATAAATATGCAAATACAAGCTGatatataatattattatattaaaaaCTTAAGAGCCAATTTTCCAAAAGTCTTTATCCTGAAGTCAAGTCTATCAATAAAAGTGTACCTCTGACTGCAGCGCGCCTGTTGATAGCTTTTTGGGTGTGCACGCCACTCACAGGCCCAAGCCCGGAGCCCCACAGGCCGTCTCTGCCTCCAGCACCCAGGGTGCCGTCATGGGAGCCATCCCCTCCAGGGATTCGGAGCAGTGTGTTTGATTGCCGTCACTGCACagagcagtgccgagtttgttcgtgctggtcgggcaagcatcaagcacagaacctagcgcattgtgggtgcttgacaagtgtttcttgaataaacaaaGGAAGGGGGAAGGAGGGAGTTTGGGGCTGGGGAAGCCTCCATCGTAGCTGAGATCACTCACCGGCATCATTGGCCACTCCGCCCTCACGAAAGCCAGTTCTGCTTCTACTCTTGACTGGTCCTTGCATTCCCACGCCAAAGCTGTTGAGCACCATTTAAAAGCATGCTTAGAAAATCACTATGTGGTGTGGGGG
>Human| chr14:104830467-104831966 | element 200203 | negative
GGCCGGGGACACCAGGAGCCGCCCACTGACCTGTGTGTCTGCCCTGTGGCTCCGTCTGTCCTGGGGTGCCTTTCTTTCCTCCCTGTCAGGCCACACACATGAGGAGCCAGCTCCCATGCAGAGGGCCCCCTCATCGCCCCACATGGACACACCTACTTTCCATTGTCACCTGTCAGCATGTCCGGGCTGTGCTCCAGTCCTGACTGTGGCCCTGATCCCTCTGGGACTGATCCAACCCCTCCCCCTTCTGCACCAACTACAGGAAGAAGGGCTTCCACTAGGCCAGCACCCAGGGCTCCTCAGGCCCCCACTCTGAGCCACCGTGTAGCGTGGGCTCTGAGGGAGCAGGGTCAGTGGGAGCCGGCAGGGACAGAGTGGCCCTAGGATGTGCTCTGCCGAGAGAGGGGAATTGAGTCACTGCGTGGGGTCTTCCATGGTGCCCTGGAGGGCACTTGGAGGAAGCTAACTAGAACAAACTGGGCACTGTCCACGTCGCTGGGCTCAGCAGGGGTCACCCTTCCCAGGGTGGGGACTATGAGGTCTTCACTCAACTGTGATGCCACACCAGATTATCTTGCTATCCAGCATGTCCTCAGTCTGAACTGTGCTCTGACCAGACAATCACACCAAGACCCAACTCCCCCACACAATGCGACTGAGATCTGTGTTTTTGGAGATGATTGCCTGATTTCTCCCAAAAAGGGTTTTAACTTTTCATAGACAGGGGGATTCTAGGAGCCTCATGACTTTCCCTAATTTTCCCTCCACCTCCAACACGTACCTGCCCACCTCGTCCAAGCCCCGGGCTTGACAGGTGTCCCCTCTGAGAACATTACTGCACTGACTTTGTCCCCGAGGGTGAGGTGAACCGCTGGGGACTGATGCCAGGGACTGGGGAGTGGCCGTGCCCTGAAGGAAGGtcaaggcacaggagtcatgtaacgcaccttctccaaccacagcacaaccatgtgaggactgatgacaagaacggagtggaaaatacccggccatctgggaattacaaaaacaacccatcagccaaacaagaaaccataatggaaaccgatatttggaactgaatgatgaaaaagtacttcacagtaaaacttgtaggatccacctaaaattgcatggaaggataattctatggatttaaatggttatattagaaaagaaggatgtctgaaaagtaatgagccgaacatccagctcaataaactagaaaaaggggaacaaagaaagaaggaaataaaaaaataagagcagaaattaatgaaatggaaaacaatatacaaaacaaaggaataactaacgccagaagcttgatctttgaaaggacatcagttttagtgatctgtttcattgcagtgaccgcagttaataataatgcattttatgtttttaaattcttaaaagaatagattttaaatgttttcaccacaaaaaataatgtgttgatgaggtgatagatatgtcaattagcttgattgaatcttt
>Human| chr1:229668296-229669795 | element 200204 | negative
acttataatacctcatacaatgtaatgctatgtTTAAAAAAAAAAAAAGggccaggcaaaatggttcatggctgtaatctcaacactttgggaggccaaggtgggaggattgctagagcccaggagttcaacatcagcctgggcaacatagagagaaccctgtttctacaaaaaataactgtaaggccaggcctggtagcatgtgcctatattcctaattacttgggaggctgaggcaggaggattgcttgagtccaagaggttaaggctgcaatgaggtattactgcaccactgcactctggcagcactcagagcaacagagcgagaccctgtctcaaaacaaaaaacaacaacaacaaaaCTTTCACAGTAGTAAAAACTGAAATAAATTTGGTTAATGTTAAACATTCCAGCAATCTCTTTAtttttatttttttgtggagacagggtctcactatgttccctagactggtcttaaactcctgggctcaagcaatcctcctgccttggcctcccaaagtgctggaattacaagtgtgtgtcaccgtccctggtcTCTAGCCATCCCTTTTTAAAGTCAGCTTTGAACCATTATTATTAtttttttttgagacggagtcttgctctgctgtggtgtagtatctatcactgaacctctgcctcccaggttcaagcaattctccctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggattacaggtgccccccaccatgcctggctaatctttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtctccaactcccaacctcaagtgatgtacccacctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattataggtgtaagccaccatgcctagccTGAACCATTTAACAACTTAAACCCCAAATGCAATGGTCTACATCAAATGTGAGGACATACATTTGTAACATTTTCCCTCAGTGAGGATGCTGAAAAAATACAATTCAAATATTCTACAGTATGAATATTTATGCAAGATACAATGGACTAAAATTTTTAGGCTGAATTAAAAATGCATTTGGcaaaaatagacccccataaacagtcaactgatttttgacacagaagcaaacgcaatacaatggagatgcaacggcaatatacatattatctttttaacaaatggttctagaacaactgaatatccacatgcaaagaaggaatctagacacagaccttacacctttcccaaaaactaatgtagagtgaattacagacctaatgtaaaacacaaaacaataaactcctagaaggcaacctaggagcaagtgtagatgaccttgaatttggtgatgactttttagatacaataccaaaggtacaatccatgaaagaaagaagctggacttcattaaaattaaaaatgtatgctttgcaaaagacaatgtgaaaagaagaggaccagccacaaactggaagaaaatatctgtaaaagacctatccaataaaggattgctacccaaaat
>Human| chr4:122761427-122762926 | element 200205 | negative
ttcaccttccgccatgattgtgaggcctccccagccaggtggaactgtgagtccaataaacctctttcttttgtaaattgtcccatcttggatatgtctttatcagcagtgtgaaaatggactaatacaAAATGTTTATACTGTAAAGGCACATACACCAGAGTTTAATATTGAATCTCTTAGATTTTTCACAAATACTTATACAGGAAAGAGAAATATCTCTTCTctgtattcccagcaaatggcacagtgcctggcatactgtaagtgcttaatacatgtttgttgaaCTAACCTAGAGGAGTTTTTTCAAATATTATAACTTCTTGAAATTGAATATTAAACTACTAGAAATAGAGAAATGTAGCTAGGTTCATGGATTACAAAAAGAGACACAGCAACATAAGATAATTTATATGTAATTTTTGAGACTGCTATTTCTCTATTTTTATTAAATAATCAAAGAAATAAAAAGGATGGTAATATAAAATATAAAACTCAAACATTTCAATTTCAAATCATTTAAACTCAACAGAGAGGACTGATCAATTTAAAAGTAAATATAttctttttttttttttttgagacagagtcttgctgtgttgcccaggctagagtgcagtggtgtgatctcagctcaatgtaacctctgcctcctgggctcaactgactctcatacctcagcctcccaaatagctgggactacaggtgcatgccaccacacccagctacttgttatgtatttttagtaaagagggtgttttaccatgttggccaggctggtcttgaattcctggcctcaagtgatccacctgccttgggctcccaaagtgctgggattacacgtatgagccacggtgccaagccGTAAATGTGTTCTTGTATGATTAAAAGCAAACGTTATATACTACAGTGTTTATCAATAAATGATACAGATAACATGTTTGGGATGAGGTTTGGGAGTGGGAAGGAGAGGGTGAAGAGCATGAAAAAATGACTGggctgggcatggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctggaaggtggaaggacagcttgaagctaggagttcaagaccagcctgggcaacaaagtgaggccccatttctacaaaaaataaaaaataaaaaaaattagctgggcatcatggcatatgcctatggtcctacgtactcaggagactgagacaagaagataagcttaagcccagaagtttcaggctgcaataagctatgatcacgccactgcactccagcctgggtgacacagtaagacccccatcttttaaaaaaaaaaaaGACTAACCATAtgttgaaaattagtgatgggtacatgcaagttattatactagtctttctacttttgtgtatacttgaaaCCTCCATACGTTTTTTTAAAGCCATTGTCCTAGAAAATATATTTTAAATTAGTATCAAATAGTCATTTCAAAGAATCCTTCAGTGATGTAATTAAAACAGATTAATCTTTCA
>Human| chr11:79986381-79987880 | element 200206 | negative
gacattataactgttgccatagaaatataattataataaagcattactatgaataattatatgccaataaatttggtaaactggaagaaatagataaattcctagaaacatacaatctatcaagactgaatctataacaaatagaatctacaagaaacaggaaaaccaataacaaataaggagattgaatcagtaatccaaaaacttccaacaaagtaaatatcaggacaagatgtcttcacaggtaaattctaaaaaactttaaaaaattaaaacacattcttcttaaactcttctaaatgatagcagaaagaacactttcaaacttattttatgaaggtagcatcattctgacaccaaagtcaaagactacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacactacaagcccatcaatgtccctgatgaacatagatgtaaaaattctcaacaacattttaacaaacaaaatttcacagcacattaaaagtattatacaaggattatacactatgaccaagtggaatttaccactgggtgcaaagatggttgaacatacgtaaatcatatcagtgtcatacagaacattaacagaatgaagaaaaaaaaatcacaggatcatcttaaaagatgtgcaaaaaacattcaccaaaattcaacactccttattaataagaaccctcaacaactttcatgtagaagaaacttacctcaacacaataaaaatcatatagagaaggcttacagcctataattatgatcaatgatgaaaaactgaaatattttcctctaagttctggaaaaagccaaggatatccacttttaccactactattaaacacaatactggaagtcctagctagatcatttaggcaagaaaaagaaataaaagtcatctaaattgaaaaggggaaaaataacagagatatatttatggttgacataatcttttaggtaaaaaaccctataaaggcaccatcaaaaaactgttaagatttaagaaacaaattcagtaaaggtgcagaatcaatatagaaaaatcaaatgtgttttttaaataagttaacaataaactgagagaaaaagaaatttaaaaaccaatcccatttacaatagtataaaaatagttaggaataagtttaagcaaggatctaaaatatctaaaatagttataagcgaaaaagtataaaatattgacaaaaaaattgaagacacaaataaatgagaagatagtccatgttcatagattagaactgatattgtaaaattttcataccacccaaagcaatctacactctcaatacaacgcctatgaaaatgtcaaaggcatttttcacagaaatagagctattgtcaaaatattcaaactacccaaagcaatctacattttcaatataatatgtatcaaaatttaaaaaggatttttcacagaaatagaaaaaacaattttaaaaatcctaaaatttatatggaatcataaaaaaaacctctg
>Human| chr7:124072869-124074368 | element 200207 | negative
TCCGTTCCACTTGTTCATTTGCATTTCccacacaggttaaattaccatgactatataaaaattcaacacatttaatagtatgagcctatactcatcccattctttttttccaaaatgttcttaaccacttttactctttcctcttccatgtgaatgttaggataagcttctcatcttaaaaagtttCCTATTGCAAATTAAAATAAAGTATATTAAGTTTATAGACTAAATTGGAGAAGAAATACAATCACTAATAAAGTAGTTACTCAATTATTTAAAACCCTTTTTCTCTTatgtgttttgttctaatgtaaataaggatctatttttttaaattatggtttataattggctgttgctcctgtataggaaagtgatttttatagatggatctcaaatactgcaaatttgtgggactgtaattttcacaatgtgtcaatagattcttgtagaattttctatgttgataattttttgtctgtgagtaatgattttatatattcctttcaaatctatatgtctcttgttcttttcctaatccaattttgtgtcaataagtttcaataaagtcttaaatagaacaatgattgaaggaatctggttatggcctcttacactaaaggaaataatcctaatggatatttttattgtaggtttttggtaagaatccatcatcaagtaaagggagctatctttcacttctagttttctgagaatttATGATTTGATTAGAAATATTACTCTATTTCTTCTTGAATCAATTTTGCTGTTGTGACATATTTTATCCATGTTTTAACATTTATTATGTTTGGACTATAGTTAATTATAAatttctctatttgtaattatggtcccattttttttcttgatcaataatgtcagcaaattaggtatttcattagtcttctcaaagaaagaatatttgattccaatgattctacaatttctttagtttttttaagtgcttttcttattttaataattaatattacattcattctaccttctctagatttactattttgaattgtttagtgcttggatttggttaatagcttaatttaacatgttgatttttctcttttttccctatcagcatttcaggaaatttttctatgtattattttatggctttccacatatatactacttctgttgccttgtgttctaattatttcatAATATCTATTAAGACTAATTCTTTGGCACATAAATTATTTTAAGTATGTTTTCCACTTTTCAAATGCATAATATTTTTGCTcttttgttacttgtttctagtttcattgcattgtgttcagaaaacagtgtatactatattgattttttgatagtttgaggctttgtgaactaatacttgatttTTACCAATGTGCTGTTTATAAGtcatagaatgtcacatttatcatcatgcaatcccacataatattgtcttatactaaaacagctcatttactctgaagcaggtgcagcaatgagcaagtaacaatgagatgcatt
>Human| chr9:3247799-3249298 | element 200208 | negative
CACATTCCATGAACTTTCACATGATATAATCCACAATTTTAGAATCTTTTGATTAAGCACATAAGAacagaggaatttaaggaactcttgcaataactccacagtccctcctggctctgaggctgacttggttaggaaccaTGGTTTTAATCAATAATGTATTTAGACTGAAGTGTAATTCTGGCTTATTTTTAATAACCCAGTGGGTCACAGCTCTTTCAGCCTCTCTTACCTCGCCCATGACTGCTATAGGAGTCTCTCCTGTTGCCTGAGCAACACGATGTTCTACTAAGTAAAACATATATTCGTCGTAGAGTAGACGGATCAGGTGGAAGGAGCCAAAGCTAGCAGCACTGCGTAAGGTTAAGTCCCGAATAACCATTGAGCTGTTCCAAGAGAAAAGACAAATATGCAGCTAACATTAGTGACAAGAATTAGCATTCTACCTATTTTTCCTCTTAAAAAAAAGTCAAGCTGGGAGTCTATATGGTTGGTATAGTATAAAACCTGCCATGAAAGCATTTCATTATTGAACGCAGTTGCAACTCATTTAAATAGAATGATAAAGAGGTAATCCTCACGGAGACTTGATCCTTATTCAAGATAGATAGTCTTAATGGAAAAAGTCATTCTACTATCATGGGCAAGTCTGCTGCTTCTACCAAACTCACAAATAAATCAGAATTGAACACAAAAATGTCTGAAAGATTGACCACTCATTACTACCCTAAGAAAAACAACTTGAGTGAAAATCCTATTGATGAAGGTTGGCAGTCTGTCCCCTCTCAGTGATAACGATCTCTGGGGTAGGCCTTAGAAAAAAGATGCATTTCTGCCAGACAAAGCTCACAAAATATAATAAGCAATGTTCCCAGATGTGGCAATACAGAGTATAGGCAAGTACGTACAGGGATTCCAGCAAGTTTCCTTGGAAGGCAAACGTATTAAGTGTTTCCAGTTTCTTAATGATTTCCACTTAAATTAAGGCACATTTACATTAGAAATAAGCACAATAAAATCAATTAAGAAATGCGTTATTTTTGAAAATGCAAACATTTAAAGTATATAATACGAAAATATAAGCaatatttataaaatacttataataaactctattatatttaaaatGGAAATGAGTCCAAAATAAAATCTTGGCTTCAACATGCCAATCATTAAGCTTGTTCATGCACTTCAAATCTTAAAATAGTCATAATTTAGAATCAGAGTGAtgtgtgtgtgtgagtgtgtgtatgtgtgtgtTTCTTATCACTTTCATTTACTGACCTTTTTCTAAAGATTTTTGGCAGATGAACACTAAAACAACCATTGTATTCTCAGGAGAAAGAGGTAAAAACTCACCTATGCCTCGTTTTACAGTAAAGAATTATAAGACATCAGGCAAATGGAAAAACAAAAGACTGTACTTTTGTTTTCTGTTTCATTTTTCAACCTTGTTTAAATAGAGGCTACTAATACATCAAATTGTATGCATTCAACTTG
>Human| chr10:56006967-56008466 | element 200209 | negative
TGTATGAAGTATAGACAATAATTTTCCTTATCTATTTCCATAGATAAAATATTGCACTCATCCACATCAGAATTTATGTAAACTGAGTTGGCTTCCCTACAACTTTCTTGAGAGCAAAGTGAAGGTCTATTTTCTTTTATATCTGTAGGACCAGACAGTACATATGGCACACGGAGACTCAAAAACTTTGAATAAAGTGTTTCTTTGTTGTAGATTATTTAGAGTATTTTTAGGCTCATACACACTTGCCTTGCTCTCTGAATTTCTGTAGGACATCTAAATACAAATAATGATGTTTTTTGAGAATCTATTTATAATTTCAATATCTTTGAGCTTCCTAAATTGCTGCATTTAACTACAGGCCAAAATAATCTGGTCATAAGAGTGAATCATATACACATATAGGGGCTCACAGCGCTTCATTGAGATGGCCTTTTGGGGTAGTACAATAAACAATGTCATAAACATTCCAATAGAATGAACGGTGAACTCCTATGTCCTACAACAAAATATGCCAAGCTTGCCAATAAGTAGCAATAAAGCTTTTCGATAAACTAGTCTCTTAGAGCTTGAATTATGATTTTCAAGGTGAGATTAATAATATCTACATTACttgcaccactgcactccagcctgggtgacagagcaagactctttctcaaaaaaaaaaagaaaTATGTATATATATATATCTACATTGCATGATTGATGTGAGGATGCATGAAAGAatatatatatatatatatatatatacacataCAGTAAATGACATTCTTAATATGTGGAAATTATTATAGTTAGTTTTTTAAATTGATAATTTTAATGCTTTTAAATTGTGTAATCTGGGTGTTAAAATTGACTCCAAGTTATAAGCTAGGGAGAAAAAAATTTTCATTTGAAACTAGAAGCTTAATTGATACCATGTCTTACACATCTGTCTGAAAATAGGACAGTGATATGAATTTTGAAAGTTTATTTAGAATTCCATAGTTGATCAAATAATTGAGGAAGTAAAAAGGGATTATCTATCTCTGCTATTTAACTTGAAGCCAAGCTTCAAATGAGAAACTTATGAATTAAATTATTTAAAAATCGTACTTAAAAATAAGATAGTCTGCCAGAGAGTTGAATATTCACTTAAAATAGTTATCTTATTTTGATTTATTTAAAGGTAACTTCAGTGAAATTATTTTCTATAGACTAAGACATATCATACTTTTATATCCAATAATAAATTCATTCCCTACATTTTTATTGTAAAGAGTTGAAGTGAAATTTCTTAATTTGTTAACATTCAGATGAATTATATAAATGCATTAAGCAGTTGGCAGGTACCAAGAACTCTACTAACTGCTCAAGCAGTAGAAAATAAATTAGACACAAATTCTGGAGATATGAAAAAGCTCACAGTATCAGGGATGGGGATTCAAAGTGCAGGTACCACAAGTTAATTTAGAAAATGTTTTGTTAGGGCATTTCTCAATACATGGTAAGAGAAAG
>Human| chr8:55711661-55713160 | element 200210 | negative
AGAAAAGCTTTTTATTTTAAAGATGAAATCTTGAAATATCTTGGTGATGTTATTTGCTATTATAATATAAAAGTAAAATAACAGAAAGCTATATGTGATTGAACTTAACACTCTATAAATTTGGTAATAATTTTCCATTTTAATTCAAAAAGAAATCTCCCAATAATCCAAATACATTCATTCAAAAAACATTTATTGCGATCTGTTCTTTACCAAATACCATAACAACAGCTTTGTCTTTCTTTAAAATTTATGAAtatttttgacttctctgtatctttatagtcaatgggtttcttgtagatagtatggagttgggtcttgcttattatcctacctggcagcctgtcatttcactatgtttagaccattctcatttaaagtgattattatataattagaataagatctaccatcttgctagttgttttctatttgttcttcctttcctttttctccccttttcctgccttctcaggatttaactgaactttttttaatgcatcaatgttatctccttttttgaaattatttatactattttttcttttatcaaaagctttctactggtttccccatggtttagagtgtctattttaaaataatctgagtctcccttcaaataatatgctaccccatgtgcagtataagggtcttagaataatccaaatttctacttcccatttcttatagcattgttgtcatacatttcacctttatatatgtgtatacatgcaatatataataactgattttattttaaatagttatattttagagaattaaaaatgagaaaaataatatttattttacttttattccatttacaacattctttatttctctgtgtagaccaaggtttctggcctataccacaatccttcagtaagaagaattgccttcaatattttttgttgaatggatctgttagaaatacatttcctcagtttctgtttgtatgagaaggtctttatttattcttcatttttaaatgatgtttttactggatatggaattctggattgccagttttttttctttagtactttgaagaagtcaatttattgtcttctctttgcatttattccaaaaagagtgctgatgtagttcttatccttccctctatttataatgtatctttttgtctagccaccttcaagattttctctttgtctttggtttacagcaatttgtatatgatttgcctctgtgtgtgttgggggggtgtgtgtatgggtgtgtgtgtgtattagtatttatcctggttggtgagcttcttagatctgtgatttggtttctgtatctaattttgaaaatttttgaccattatctttggaaaatatttctcatgccctgttctctttcttcttttttcaagattccaaatgtatgtatataagactatatgtttgatattgtccaatgttctcggatgctctgttctattatttttctattaacaaaatctttgtgtttcaattaaccaatctaaatattcat
>Human| chr10:117671865-117673364 | element 200211 | negative
tagatattaaaacaataatcttcacctgtcaaattagtgaaaTACATATATATATATATATTtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgCAtatgatgaaacaggcacattttaaaaatactgctggtggaagaacagtgtgataggtctttcagtaaaagtaactggagctatgtatcaagagcttcaaaagagttcatattcaggttcagtaatttcatttttaggaatctaccttaaggaaataattagaaatttggtcaaatactcaaaacagaaatgctcaacacaacatgatttataaaagtagaaaattgacagcttagatgAATGGTAAAAAAAAAAAATTCCATGAATTATCACAAAGCTCTGTGCTGTATCATAATAATGCAAAGAATATTTAAGGATGTCACAAAATGTCAACCACAATTAATTCTCCTGAAATCTTGGAAGAATGTCATCACTCTTCATATGGTAGAAATGGTGGGTGACAAGGGGCTTCCTCCACACAAGgcagggagggagcatggggctgaggaccagacctggctgccaccacttactaaccgtgtggccatggcaaagttgctagactgcccagagctcccaattcccCACAGTGTCCCTTACACCTACCTTAGCAGACAAATTGTGAGATAATGTGTATGAAAACGTTGATGTGGTAAAGAAGCTAGGGCAGCTGCTGCTGGTAGCATAGAATGCAGGCACTGGAGAGAAAAAACTATTAGTGGGATGGATAACAGGCTGCAAAAGTACTTTATGAACTAAATTGCAGTATGTGTCTAAAGTAATATTTTAACTGATTACAAATTTTCATTCTTTTTCACATACAGAACATTCATATCCCCAGCTGCCCTCAGTATCTTAAACATTCCAATTGCCTAATTATTCAGATGTCCTCCACCAACACAGTCCTGAGTCCTTTGATCATCCCCATCCACACCAGCCCCCAAAGGTGGCTCCAAAAATCACCCAGACCCCTgcagggtagccctatgtcaaaggactagctctagggccagaagacctgattcaaagcccagttttgtcacatgccagttgcaaaccccaagccaaagtgcttaactactgtaaagccacagtttcctcaactataaaatggggatagcagcttctacctcatagggatggtgagcttttatttggattatttcatttaatcatctgtgcaatacctggcagagaggaaacagtacatggtaggttttattactACTACTGCCTCTAACTCATAGATGGCTTTCAGCTTCCAGTTACACAATGCTGTTCCTCCCAGCACTGCTCACATGTTCTAGTTAAGGACAATAGAAGCAGCCTCCAGAGTGTAGGACAATGTCAGCCTGTGCAGAAAGCATAGATGGAGTCACAATGCGTGGCCCACAGCCTTTGGGGCTATCCAGACTGCTCATGGATGCCCCCAAACTGTGACTGGGGACATCTCAACCTACCCTGATGTAGGTT
>Human| chr7:99854423-99855922 | element 200212 | negative
TTGGTTTTTAGAACGCCTCCAGACACAGATGAGGGCTGAAGGCTCAGAAAGGCCGGGTCAggccaggcgaggtggctcacgtctgaaatcacagcacttttggaggccagggcaggaggatcgtttgaggccaggagtttgaggccagcctaggcaacaaagtgagaccctgtctctacaaaatattgtaaaaattagccaggtgtggtggcatacacgtgcggccccaactattcaggaggctgaggcaggaggatcccttgagtccaggagctgcagtgagctatgattttgccactgtactctggcctgggtgatcgagcgagacctgtcttcaaaagaaaacaagaaaGGCAGGGTGACCTGCCCAGGGATATGTGGTAGGAACAGCAGAGTGGAGAGAGAGCGCTTGATAAGGTGCCTTGTTGGGAAACATTCCCCACATCATGGTGCCATGGGAACCACATAAGCAGGTCAAGTGTGCCTCACTCAAGCACTCAGGAACCAAGTTTGCAGAGGGGGTCAGGGCAGGAGATGCACACGACTCCCAGCCAACCCCACACTCTGGACCTGGggcacctgctaagcgctttctctgtaagatctcacttaaacctcccgtgaacagccctgtaacgtgggtgccatcaccttcttcattcttctacagaaactgacaaataaaggcagttaaACCAGGCTAATTTGGACTGACGGGCTGGGTggggggcggggcggggcggggACGTCATCAGAGAGAAGCTGCAGGAGGGAAATTGTAGACTAGAACAAAGTCTGAAGAGGGTGGAGAAAAGCACAGATTTAAAAGAAAGAAAGAAATGTggctgggcatagtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggcgggtcgatcacccgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctggccaacatggcgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatgccaaaattagctgagtgtggtggtgcacacctgtaatcccagctactcgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgctcaaacccaggagtcagagtttgcagtgagctgagattgcgccactgcactccagcctgggagacagggtgagactctgtccccgccaccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTGCGTTTTACTGCCTGCAAGCTTGAGTTCTCCCTCCAGCACCCTACCCACCAGGGCTCCTCAGAGGCCTGGCTTGAGGAACGGATACGGTAGCCTTGTCATCTGCAGGTGACACCAGGCCTGCAGCTTGTTCTGAGGTGTCACCCCCttattctttttttgttttttttttttttgagacagagtctcactctgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggtgcgatctctgcttactgcaacctcctcttcccgggttcaagcaattctcctgcttcagcctcccaagaagctgggactacaggcgtgcaccaccacacccggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagacgggg
>Human| chr9:9171680-9173179 | element 200213 | negative
AGGAAAAAACTACTCTTCTATAAGTGGCACTAGGtttaatattattgattattttatatatatatGAAAAATCCTTAGCAGAAGCAATTATGTAACAGCCTCTTGGCATGGATTCTATAATGAAAGTTCATAGAATAAATCTCCACAAAATATAAAGGTATATTAATTCTTCATTACTGTCTCAATGATCTGCAGCAAAAATAAGGTTAAAATTTGGAAAGACATAATCATTATTTAACAAATATTATGATAAGCTAGGCTGTTTATGATAGATGATAAGGATATTATAGAGGGAGGGCCAAAACAAGAAGCATGTCTTTAGGGTAATCTGTTGAGTAGTTAGTAATTCAGGTAACTCACAGTATAAATGGTATTACAAATCCAGTGTACCAGTGATTTGAATAAATTACTGCATATCTTAGTACACTAAGTATTCTCTAAGTGAGCTAGTTATAATCTTAGCTTCTTTTGGAAAAGATACAAATATAATTCATCCTAGTAAATtcttctgcactcagcacagagaccctaacacaaaatgagtgctgcatgaatatttgtcaaaaaagggaatGTATAAGAATATAGCCTTTGAATCAATTTCCTTTCAGTGGCAAAATGTACTTTCCCTAAAGAAACATAGTAATAAAGTCAACAATGACACAGTAGCAAAGTAAAATGTTTGGGATCCAAGCATGTATAAATATAACTATTTTTATCTCTTCTCTTCCTCCTCTCTTTACCTGAATAAATCTGATTAACCCTTTACTCACTTTCATTTTCTGGAGAAGTGATCCCTTGCCCGTTTGGACCTAGATTAAGCAGCATTATCTCGGGCTCTGTGTTTCCCATGTTTTGGAAATATTTGCACTCTCCTATAATTGTTTATTTAATTGGCTTATTCATGATAGATGTGCTATGTCTTCTTATTCTTCTGTATGTTCCCTAGGCACTGGCAAAGGGTTTGGCATATAGATGGCACTTGGTTTTTCTAGTCTGTgtcattcttggcccctctcctctatacctcccatctggttgatttgcacatccaggtagctctaagcaatgcctatctagaatttaaccatttctctgactcccaaagccatcatcttatccagtacttgcctgcattattccaatagcctttatcctgcacctggcactgtttttgccccatttattcagttctaactcaagcctaaatgattctcttaaaatacagattcgatcgtgtccaaaatattcagtgaaagatcatcttctgttcagaatgttcaatgagagatcacctcactcagaatgaaagccaaagttcttaccagcagctaacatggccttcgtttatttcccagtcatcttttcctcctgactctcctcagactttcactccagacacgtgagcccttctgttccttgctttaggtaagctccctccttagggtctttgcacctgctctttccttatctagaatattttccccctaatatctacat
>Human| chr5:110032202-110033701 | element 200214 | negative
gaagtcaaattgtccctgtttgcagatgacatgattgtatatctagaaaaccccatagtctcagcccaaaatctccttaagctgataagcaacttcagcaaagtctcaggatacaaaatcaatgtacaaaaatcacaagcattcttatacatcaataacaaacggagagccaaatcatgagtgaactcccattcacaattgcttcaaagagaataaaatacctaggaatccaacttataagggatgggaaggacctcttcaaggagaactacaaaccactgctcaatgaaataagaggatacaaagaaatggaagaacattccatgctcatgggtaggaagaatcaatatcatgaagatggccatactgccccaggtaatttatagattcaatgccatccccatcaagctaccaatgagtttcttcacggaattggaaaaaactactttaaagttcatatggaaccagaaaagagcccgcattgccaagtcaattctgagccaaaagaacaaagctggaggcatcacgctacctgacttcaaactatactacaagcctacagtaaccaaaacagcatggtactggtaccaaaacagagatacagaccaacggaacacaacagagccctcagaaataatgccgcatatctgcaaccatctgatctttgacaaacctgacaaaaacaagaaatggggaaaggattccctatttaagaaatggtgctgggaaaactggctagccacacatagaaagatgaaaccagatcccttccttacaccttatacaaaaattaattcaagatggattaaagacttacatgtcagacctaaaaccatgaaaactctagaagaaaacctaggcaatatcattcaggacataggcatgggcaaggacttcatgtctaaaacaccaaaagcaatggcaacaaaagccaaaattgacaaatgggatctaattaaactgaagagcttctgcacagcagaagaaactaccatcagagtgaacaggcaacctacagaatgggagaaaatttttacaatctactcatctgacaaagggctaatatccagaatctacaatgaactcaaacaaatttacaagaaaaaaacaaacaaccccatcaacaagtaggcaaaggatatgaacagacacttctcaaaagaagacatttatgcagcaacagacacataaaaaaatgctcatcatcactggccatcagagaaatgcaaattcaaaccgcaatgagataccatctcacaccagttaaaatggcgatcattaaaaagtcaggaaacaacaggtcctagagaaatagggacacttttacactgttggtgggactgtaaactagttcaaccattctggaagtcagtgtggcgattcctcaaggacctagaactagaaataccatttgacccagccatcccattactgggtatatacccaaaggattataaatcatgctgctataaagacacatgcacacgtatgtttattgtg
>Human| chrX:42696705-42698204 | element 200215 | negative
CTGGGTTATAATGAAAGAGATTTTTCAAGTCTGTGTATTGGTGCCAAGTTGGAGTGGGGTTGGGGGTgtgtgatgctaatagatgaatgagaaagtaaaaccattcaattctcattgtgttgctaacgtatctcaaggagattcttcttgaagcagaaaaaaatgtagcaaatatatcatttagaggaaaactaagtctaacgtgatgagacAGTAAATGTTTAGCTACTTTAATTAGCTGGCTACTCCACATTACAGATAATTTGCCTTGATAAAATCAGCACTAAACAATTATTTTTACTGAATAGaagcaaatagatagataaaacaatgaataaaaaataaatgtacaaatacatTTCATCTAGGGATATTAAAAGAAATTGTATGTAAGACTGCAGAAACACTGCTAGTAGCTGAGTCTTAGGTATCTTCAGAGGATTCAGTGGTTTCATTTAAGAGACCACATGCTCTGTCATTATGGTAAATAGAAAGGCCTTTGCATCTGATTTGAGAAGAATGTGGGGACAGGTGTCATAGTGCTCACTTCTCCTTGACTCATAGCAATGATAAAATTTGCCACTACACCAGAGAATCCAATATTTAAGGAAACAGATGACACCAAAATCTTGCTATGGAAGTGTGCTTTTTGCTTTGAAACAGACATTGCTTTGTTTCTACTTTCTCTATAATTCCTAAATCTTGTGCTTTCATTTCCCCTTAAAAATATTTCCGTAAGTCATTTTGTTCATAGGTTGTGTATTTCATGTAAAATTTTTAGGTTTTCAATTCATCAGTTTAACCCTTAATCACTTTAACCTGTCTAATTTtaatagttttttggagatgtaattcacatacaataaaattcactcatttatagcgtacaattcagtgtttttagtatattcatagagttgtgaaaccatcacagctaatcaaattttagaacattttaatcacccccaaaataaacttcctagtaattagcagtcatttccaatctctgcctccccgcgacccccaacaaacacaccacataaatattaggtgatcactaatccctctatggatttgtctattctgtacattttatataaatagaataaatagaattacacaatctacagtattttttgactggctatttcattgagtataatgttttcaagatttgttcatgctgcagcatgtatcagtactttattcttcttcatagccaaataatctgttgtattgatgtatcatatttgttcatgcatttatcagttgatggacatttgctttcaatttttggctactttgaacaatgctgctatgcacatttgtgaacagttttttatggatatgttttcaattcccttgggtgaatacctaggaatggaattgatggatcatatggttactctgtgtttaaattaacattttaaagaatgttaaactttttcaaaacatctataccagtttacattcccaccaacaatgtatgaaggtgccaat
>Human| chr13:99435018-99436517 | element 200216 | negative
TGTGCAGAGCTCCTGTTGCAGAGACAGCTGTGGACCCAAGGCTCACGTGGGTGGGCAGAGCAAAGATGGCAGAAACCTGTTGCTCAATTTTTATCTTAAGGAAAATGAGCTCTGAGTCACGTTGAAAATCTGGTAACTCTAGGTGCTCCTACACAGTATTTACCGGGAACCAAAACTTCTAAAGTTGAGGCAACCTCAACTATGTGGGTCAAGAAACAACAGGAAACTCAGAAGACAGAAAATGCTGGAATGGAGCCAGTGAAGTGTCGATGGCAGTTATCTGGAAGGGATGAgggttggaggactgtggatatttaaattctcatttctattttttggtattttatacacattctactaggagcaaatagtgcttttataattagaaaaaaGTACAGAGGCTATTTTTTATAAAGAGAGGAGGGGGAAAGTTTACTGGATTTGCCTAGAACATGAGATTGTGACTGGGTGGAGATAACAGTGATAAATTCCTCTATTTTAAGCTACACAAATCTAGGAAGTCTACAACATCTAGAAATGTAGGAAATCGGAGTGTAGAGCCTGGCCATGGATTCTGTTCTTCATGTTTGAAATGTGCACGTTGAAAGAAAATTATCATTTTAAATTCTGTACAGTGTGTAACTTTAAAAAAGTACTGTATCTTCTAAACTTCAAACATTTTTTTAATCTACTTTTGAAAGtgtttccctttttctcttggctgccaggatgctcagagctaaatttggggcttagtctgtattgttaaggataacaaacaaccatctcttcccttctttccttaatgtccattattttatgcttgcttgaatgattttattgattatgtttttATTACAAGCCCCTACAATCCTTTTGGCTGGGGATATAGTAATAGtaaatgatgttatttgacagagaaactgtgaagtcaagagaaacagggattttcctcagttatgggtgtcaaagctggagctcagatggtgttggactccacacttgggccactgagctagaatccagcctctcagactcctcatccagtgctcctttcacACTGCCAAGCTAAGCAGAGGACATTGGGTGGCTGTCTGTGACAGCTTATGACAGATGGTGAGAGAGGGGCCATATTACCTCCCACTCACTTCCGGTCATGCCCACCTGGAAAGGTGGGAAGTCATTTACCAGGCAATGTGGGCCCTGCTGTTGCCCCACTCCTGGAAGCACCTGCTCAGAACCAGTCGGACGGGGCTGCCACAGCCAACGGTGACAATATTTCCCAATCTTGGTTTCAGAGCAAGGCTAGTTCCTTCAGAAACTTGTTGTCCTCATCCTGTCTTGGTTTGGTGATGTTTCTGTTCAAACCTCTGTCTCTCTAAGGATCTGAGTCTCCCCACATGTCCTGGAGCACCATGGCCCCATCCCCTTGTGTGGCATGGGGTCTGGCtgtgttagtccgctcggctgccacaacacagctccacaggctgtggttta
>Human| chr1:31642606-31644105 | element 200217 | negative
ggctggagtgcagtggcacgatcttggctcactgcaacctctgcctgccaggttcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctcctgaatagctggaccacaggcatgtgcaaccacagctggttaatttttaaattttttgtagacacagtatcttgctatgttgtctagactggccttgaacttctgggctcaagcaatcctcccattttggcctccagagtgctgggattacaggtgtgagccacttccccaggccCCttgtttatttatggtgtgcatcctcccaggagacatcctcaccaagagcagggattactgtctgtttagttcactgcttattcacaatttctggcacatagcaggtgcttaataaacatttgaaggatgaattcagatgcgtgggctccaggttccaatgaattataacctgttacgcaggtagagcccaggaatctgtattttaTTTAAAAAATTTATACGTATATATGTTTATAAACtttattttaggagacaggatctcactatgttgcccaggctagactcaaactcctggtctcaagggatcctcttgtctcagcctcccaagtagctaggactacaggtgcaccccactgagcctagTGGAATCTATAttttattttattattataaattatttttgagacagagtcttgctctgttgcccaggctggagggcagtggtgcgatctcagctcactgcaacctccgcctcctgggtccaagcaattatcatgcttcagcctcccccatagctgggattacatgtgtgggccaccacgcttggctaatgtttgtatttttagtagagacggggttttgccacattggccaggctggtcttgaactcctggcctttagtgatccgccgacctcagcctcccaaagtgttggtattacaggcatgagacactgtgcctagcTGTATCTGTATTTTAGAAAGGCATCCCAAGTATAGTGAAGGTTGAGAAGCTCTatcccagaatgtcagcagtaaagcagccaatgagtatcatgcaagcaaagtccagccctctcatttcacagatgacatcaccaagagcagagtgagagtagttccccaaggtcacaggttgttgacagagaaagaactagTGCCAACAGTAGTGTCGGATACCCAACACAAGGCTCCCTGGAGCTCCAGCTGGCCTGGGCCTGCTCAGTCTCATTCCAGGGCTGACTGAGGGGAACTGCTGAGTCACTGGAACTGAGGCCCAAGGCAGGGTGTGGCCTCCATCGCCTGGTTAGGGGTGGGGCAGAGTGGGACTGCCCCCACCTCCTCTGGGTGACTGAGGCTGAGGCCGGAAGAGGGACAGGCAGAGAGCTCAGACTGCCTCCCCATTCGTGGGACCCCCTCCCTTCACGtgaaaccacctttgcaaagattgtaactgaggaaattatgacagtgaaagggatctgacctaaccgacaccatcttgcttttaacctctaagctgccc
>Human| chr1:211177994-211179493 | element 200218 | negative
tcacatcaaatgtaataaaggtgatgaattaaatccttcaaattaaagacaagtgtgtcagagtggatttaaaaaataggcttcttagaagagatatatctaaaatacaagaatatagcaaggtttatgttaagggatagaaaaatataccatgtaaacactaaaaacaaatcaaagctggtgttgctctattaatatcacacaaagtagactttaaagaaaaattattactagatagacacacttcacaatgttaaggttcaaattagcagaaagattaaaaattccaaaATTCTAAAATaaaagttgtttctttggaaacatttaataataaagttagtaaattggcaatactgattgtagagggggaagaaagagcgaataagagagataatgaagatgagcaaatataatcaatatgaggaatgaaaaaaagaaaacagcatcactacatatcttacagacattaaaagataaagagacattacttatgaacaattgtatatcagtaactctgaaactttaagtacaatagaaatatttctagaaaaattcagcttacagaaattgactccagaagtaacagaaaatttgaatggatctttgattatttaaataattaaatccaaaatggaaaattccaagcccagattgcctcagttggtgaattcttctaaatatttaagggagaaataaAAACGttaaaattcattacaaaactacattgattaacacaatgtgatattggtgcggtaatatacaaacaaatcagtgaaaaagaattgagtcctgagaaagatccaggcctataaagacactaattaagtgaaagactggactgaagacaagtgaagaaaggatggcattttcaaataaatgatactaggtcaactggatacccatctgaggaaaaaataaaacttgatctctatttcatagcatacacgataatcagtctaagtggatttcagatctaaatgtgaatggaaaacaataaaactagcggaagattatatgggaaaatatcttgaacttgaaagtacaaaatttaaacaagacacaaaagcacataaatgaaaaattgatatatttctctaaattaagaacttttgctcatcaaaatgcatcctaaaaagagaaaataggaaaaacacacagtagggaaaaaaatatttacagcacatataacccataaagggttcatatccagactatataaagaacttctacaaatcaattttttaataaaaaatgtattatgtgtagaaaaggagaccgcacaagcacttcataaaagagagtaaccaaagatgctcactcccagcaaaaatttatgaaacgatgctaaatctctttagtcattcaaaaaatatatatcaaaactagaatgaggaacaactaaaaactcattggattaggtagaattaagcaaactggaaacatcagtgttggcaaggaagtaaagcagtggaaactctcatgtattgcaaccactttgtg
>Human| chr9:100938258-100939757 | element 200219 | negative
gctatttacctgtattcatggattgaaATGAACATTTAATAAAAATGAATATGGGCTTTGAGCAGGGCTTACAGATTAAACTAGAAGCACAAAGTGTTCATGGTCCTTTATTTTTCCTCAAAGCGGCAATATCAAAAGATCTAAACATTCGGCGGGGGGTGAGGGGTGTCACCTGTGCTGGGAGGCACCAAAACCCTCTGAACCGAATGAAAGCAGAGAAAGCCTTGTGCCCCTTATCAACCCATGAGTGTTGATTTAGAATCTAAAGCTCTAATTCTTCAGTTTTTAGCCAGACCCACTAATTCTCTCCCAAATCATATTACATCTAGGGGTAAGCACCAAATACAATACCCCAGAATTCTGCCCTTCTTTCCCCAGCACCCCACGTAAACAGTCTGATGGTTTTGGCTCGTACCAGTCTAGTGATGGGGAGCTCACCCCTGCTGGGGGAAGATGTGCTCAACCAGTGGACttcctcgcatctactgaacagaaatctacaattttccccactgccctacctgttcctggagccccgccagccacatccattgtttctgccccttgacagccttccagagattgaagacCTCTTAACTCAGGACCATGGGATGGCTCCACTGGGGGGTGGGGGTTTCTTGTGTGACTTGGTTTCCCATGTCCTCCCCATTTTGGTTGCCCATGTGCTCCAAGCTCTCCCCATCTTCCAGGTTATACTCGAACTCTGCAGATGGGGGCTGAGAACTCCTCAGCAGAGCAGGTCCCCAAAAGGATCCCAGATGTCACATCTCAGAACAAAAGCACTAGCCAGACCCCAAGAGATCGTGGGGTACAGAAAGAGGAAATGGAGTCAGCACGCCAAAGGCCACCCACACAGGGCAGAACCAGGAACAAGATCCAGGTCTCCAGCCTCCCAGTCCAAAAGAGTACGCTAAAACACAGAACAGAGTCCTGTCTTCCTGTACCTGGATACAGTACCAAACATTTTTGTTCCTTATCTGTGTTGCTCTAAGTAATAGTGGAAACTCGTTTGTGGAGGGACAAATTCCAAAGATGGTTAGGAAAGAAAGGCCTTATAATTGTGAGCTCAAGGGTCATTGGCCTTATCTAGGCTCTCCTGGACTCACACCTTTGAAAGGTGAACTGTGTTTCTCCAGAGAGTGCTTTAGGCTGGGAATGATGGCAGACCTTAGGTCTTTTCTGCTAGAAAGGCCGGCAGAGCATCAGCAGCCCCCACGATGTGAGGGGAAACCTGGAGCAcattcactccacccacattttccaagtccccagctggagatagcccctgtgctgggctctgtggaTGGAGGTATTCCCATGGGGTCTCTCCCCTTGGGAATGGGTAGAAAAATAGGGAAATCCCTACTGGAGCAACGCTTGATCACAAACGTGGTGGCGTGTTAGAGGTAGCAGGAGCAAGGAAAAGACCAGGAGGTTAGAGCAATGGGCTCCAAACtttgttttttttttttttttttt
>Human| chr7:105219720-105221219 | element 200220 | negative
gatcagagtgaggggaagccgtgaataaccactgtgtagctatcagtccagactggagcaggaagacacacagctgggggtacggggtttgggtggtggtggtgggggtaattacccaatgaatgcaaatgtaatgagaggacagctgtactgtggcaaaagagggtatggatgaattagtgatgatcacacaaatttaagccaaaaatgtaaatatattattaaccagggaaaacaacaagggaaatataatcagcatactataaggattatagatacttgcctaacaatattaaaaattctgaatactgaggatatcaaaattgtgatctaaatttatctggaagatgggtgtgagtgggaacaggtgtatgaggtgtgtgtttaagaaaggcgcattttcatcttccacagcataaagctagtatctaacctagagggaaaaacattaagcagcagcaatataggcctgttatttagaaatctcaagataaatagcaaagaatattgctaaaagagttgaaattattctgtgcagaagctggggatagcaacaggaatgctgttattataagctttggagtacttttcaatttttaaaccccatacatccacttcaataaaaatgaaaTTTAAAAATAAATGTTGACAAATATTTTATATAACGAATGTAACATAATATATCCCTTGTTATGATGAAGAAAATTAACAtttgtctttatttttagttttttttttgagaaggtgttttactctgtcacctggcttgagtagcaatctccgctcaatgcaacctccgcctcccaggttcacgtgatcctcccacatcagcctcttgagtagctgggattataggcacgcaccaccacgtgcagctaagtttttttatttttaatagagatggggttttgccatgttgcccaggctggtctatgaactcctgaagtcaagtgatctgcccaccacagcctcccagagcgttggtattataggcgtgagtcaccgcccccAAGGagcttcacgaatagctgggattacaggcatgcgctaccacacccggctaattttttgtatttgtagcagacacgaggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtctcaaactcctgaactcaagtgatccacccgcttcggcctcccaaagtactgggattacaggcctgagccactgctcctggccTATTTTTTAtttttatttttatttttgagataggatctcgctttgtcgcccaggctgcagtggcgccatctcgTGCCCGGCCTTTTTTTTTCTTTCTAATATTTGTTTTAATACTTTAAAACAACTAGCAAGAACTCTGTCTCCTATACATGATATTGGTTGGGTGTTTTTTGGCAAAATTGGAATGTTTGGTATTTCCACTTCCTTACACAGAAGCAAATGGACAATTTTGGCATTTCGGACGCTCCATATGGAGGTCGGCAAATTACAATTCTGCACCCTGGGGAGGACATAAAACCATT
>Human| chr18:32764815-32766314 | element 200221 | negative
GCTTAGGGATATAGAACAAAATCTTATCCTTGCTAAGCTCTGAATGGGGGACAACCCATATGGAGGAAGAACCAACAGACCCAGAAACCTGATTTTAAAATCCCACGTAGAGTGGCTCCCATCCAATTTCAGAACCCAGTTCAAGTGCAGCCTCCATTCTACCAATGGGCCCTGTCTAACTCAAGGAGATCTGGCAAGAAAACAAAACAAAAAAACACTTTTGTTCCTCCTCCAGAATCAAGAATCCAAGGAGCAATGAAAATGTCACAAAGGCAATATAAAGAAACCTCACTATTGTGACACTGGAAAATAATTCATTTACCCAACTGTCGATCCATTCCCTTCGACGTCCTAAAGATCCCATGCTCTTCCTGCTCCCCCCATCCATCATAAACCTTCATGGCACAGGCAAAGTCTCCCTGAATATTCATGGCAGAAAGCCATTCCATCGTGACCCAATTGATCACAGCTGCTGAGTGGCAGAGGCACCAAATGTATCATCAAAAAAGGAAAGTTTatggacgtacagagggaaataatagacactggggactccaaagtggggcatggggtaggaagggggaaagggttaaaaaagttaccaattgggtacagtgttcactatttgggtaatgggtacactaggagcccacacctccccattataccatatacccatgtaacaaacctgcacatgtaacccttgaatctacaaaaattTTTAAATTTTAAAAAATAAAGGAAAGGTTGTAAACACTGTTTCCAATGATCTCATAGCTGTTCCGTTACCTAAATCGATTGTGAAGATGGCAAAATTTAAGTGGTAATTTTTAATTATTCTAGAAACAGAAAAACATTCTCCACAGAACACTATTGGAAATAATTAAATCAATGCCCCACAGACAAAAAAAAATTATAATATTCTTTTTCTAGTGTATTAGTTTTATTTCTCTACGCTGGATTTCATTCCAGAAAGGACTTGTGGTAATCAGAATGCCTTACAATCATGTGTTAAAGGCTCTGTTCTTAAAATGCCACTGAGTTTGTTCTTCAGGGTGAAACTACTTTGTTCTTGGCATTTCTTATGGGAACTGAAGTCAGGCCAAAGTGTTGCCAAACCAGAGCTGAGAATCTCTGGGCTGACTGCTCCTCCTACAGTGATGAGCAGGTAAGAAGGTACTGATAAATGGAATCTCAAAACATAGAAAAGTGAGTCCCTAATTTGGCTGGCCACATTGACCAAATTTCAGCGGGGACACTTTCATATTATAAGAAGAGAGAATCAAACTAAAAGAAACACAGAAAAGGCCTGTTGTTTATAATGGAAAAATTGAGTGTATATAATAAGTAGCTAAAATGCAATGTTCATGGGTTCATCTTACATGTTCCAAAATTAATGTTTTGGTGGATGGTTTTTAGGATAAAAATAACCACAACCTAAGAAATCACAGTTATGAGGACATGTTACTCTAAGACATTTTTCTCATGTATTTTCTTTCT
>Human| chr2:86441742-86443241 | element 200222 | negative
TATGTCAGTTCATACACAAATGTACAACTTGTCAGATACGTAAACACATTTTGCCAGAAATATGACAGCTGCTTTCAGTTGTACAGTGAGTGTCTTTAAGAGAGAAACCGACTCCCTAGTCAACACTTGAAGGAAAAATAGTTACATTTACATTAAGACAGAGTTTGGATACCTTTATATTTTTCAATCTTGAATGAGAAGTAATAATACAGCATGTCTGAGAATAGAGCGCTTCAAACTTTTTTTGGCATAGTTAAGTGCAAACTTGATAACCTGTACTTGTCACAACTCTCCATTGTAAAATGGCGAAAATATAGGTTGTTCACGATAGGATTTTAAACTGCTGCTAAAGGCAATTTATTGTTTCGGCAAAAAAAAAAAAATTGCTAAGAAGCTGTGTAAGCtttttttttttttttttttttttGCATTCGTTTCTGATAATTCTGGGTACTTCCAACTAACAGGTAAATACATTTTAAAGAGTATATTCTTCTTCTGTCTGGAACTACTCAATGAGCACAAAGAAAACATTTTCTGTCTTCCTTAACAGATTTAGGTATTGGTGGGTGTGGGGCACAGAACATGAGCAAACAGCTTCTGTTTATCCTCTCAGCCACAAATTCGCTTTTAGGTATATTTTCCTATACCCTTTTGCAAATTACAAAATCACCTTCAGAGGAACTATGGGTAGATGGGATTCCAATATGCATATCTGGCAACAATCAGCTTCAAATCAAACCCTTTCTGGGGTGGCTAAGATCCAGCTAATGTGTCATCAGCAAAGGCCTCTAATATGTGTTTGCGTAGTAATGGAACAGTTTTTAATTGGGCCTGTTTATAGTTGACTGACAGTAAGTTCTATATGGTATATAACACTAATTCTCTAGTCTTCTGGGCATATCTACGAACAAATACAATCCAAATATTATGAGTAACTGGGTTGTGACCACTGCATGCATTACACTGAAAGAAACACCAACTCGAAGCACAAATATATTATTCTTATATTTCGGCTCAGCTCTCAGTGGGGAGAGCAGCTACCTCGGACCACAATGCCATTTAAACCAGATTCTTTTCAAATAAAATTCTCAATCTAAGTGGAAAGCCCCCTCAGAGAATGCCTTATTCCCCTACTAAGCAATCCAGGCTTGTATAAAACGTCTGATAAGGCCTGTAGTGCCCATTGAGTATGAGTCTGCTGTTTACATTCTGCACAGGCCAGGAGGGGAACAGAAGGTGTGAGCCACAGGTGCTCCTGGGTCTGACCAGCAAGTCTAACCCATGAAGATCTCGAGCTCCAAAACCATTCTAGAGCCCACCATTTTGATTGTTACACATGTGTTTCAGATGTATGTTATGGCATATCTGAAACAGCAGAGTTCTCAGTTTTTTGTGTGTTTGTTTTTGCTAAGCTAAACAAGTTTTGCTAGAGTTCGCTAAAACAAGGTGCTCAGAGTGTAAGCTCCTCTGTCAGGAAATCGGCAGCACTGGTCACGA
>Human| chr8:113512496-113513995 | element 200223 | negative
actgtgaatattttcatgtcaatatgtgtgaaatcatgaatgaaaggaactagtttttagaaaaagattttttaaaatctaagataaaaaagctaatctaaatatatttacaaccattaaaattccaccaccttaaatcactgggtccatagtttcagttctagaaaacattcaagaaatagatgatcctatcttatacaaactattctcgatactagaaaattaagaatgctcctaaatttaggcaggtagtgtaatcttgatatcaaaaccagacaaaaagagtacaaggactaaaaattatagcccaatCAGATGGTACTAAATCAATGATAAtgatacaggagttaataagaaatcacttaggcagatagtaaggttttccttttaatgaaaaggagccatcatatcactttcttttctaacaaagagcagcctgcaaaatggagctgcagacatagccaagcaagccagaagcttgcacaggtgaatgcccacagttgtgcccataggaaaaggctacctgggactaggcatgtccaaaatgggggcttcatctgcccttctgtttgccaaaccatgagtacagtaaggagaagacaatatagcccctgccaggcaaagcctccttttgcataagattagggtggggtgaccagccttccccgcacactatgtaaatgtcatacctggtcaaaccagtctgtgggccctatgtaactcagacaccgcttcctcaagcctgcctataaaatctgacgcagtcaacagtgggctggctttccccttttggatgcccctctcttacgaaacagagagagctgtcctcctttgtcttttttttttgcctgttaaacctctgcccctaaactcactcttcatgtttgtccctgtccttaatcttcttggcgccaaatgacaaaccctgggcatttacctcagacaacatagATATATTTTTGTAATATAGAGTAATAATTCAGTGGCAATATACACCATAGTTAAAACTCGGGACCATAGTTAAAACAATTAATAATAATTGAAtgaactcgggaggcggaggttgcagtgagctgagatcaccgctgcactccggcctgagtgacagagcaagattccatctcaaggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaagaaaaTCTCAGTATGCAAAATAGGAaaaagatgctcaacttaatagtaataagggaaaaggcaataaaaatgacaatgagatatcatttaatacaattagcaacttccaagtttaacaaaagcactggtttttaaaaactggaatttctgaagctctcatcctctgatttttgagtttacattggtacagcctctttagagaataattcggcaatacagagttacattgaagaggttcataccctttgacccagtaatcccactctttggtatacagatgtcctaaaaagaatctcacagatatgttcatgaggacatgtaaaagaatgttcatttcatcgtcattcatttct
>Human| chr8:74914316-74915815 | element 200224 | negative
tctttctttctttctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctttctttccttttctttctttttgagacagagtcttgctcttttatccaggctggagtgcagtggcgtgatctcagctcactgcaacctctgcttcccaggctcaactgattctcatgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgggattatagCcattatttctttgaataaactttctgtagtctgttctttttttcttccacttctggaactctcataatgcatatatggttctggttggtggtgtctcaccattaccttaagttttcttcactcttttaaattattttttccttttgctcttctgattgaattcttttccagtgatctctctctgagttcactgatcctttctctacttggtctagtctgctgctgaacccctccagtgaactttttagttcagttattgtgttcctcagctccatgatttatttatttatttcttttttttttttttttgagacagagtcttgttctgttgcccaggctggagtgtagtggcacaatcttggctcactgcaacctccgcctcctggattcaagtgattctccagcctcagcctcccaagtagctaggattacaggcacatgccaccacgcccagctaatttttgtatttttttcatagaggtggggtttcaccatgttggccaggctgttctagaactcctgacctcaggtgatctgcccgcctcggcctcccagagtgctgggattacaggcatgagtcaccgtgcccagccttcagctccatgatttctgtgtggtcctttaaaatgttttctttcttcttgttgaaattctcactgcattcatgtattgttctcttgacctcagtgagcatctttatggaggtattttaaattgtctgtcaggtaaatcatataacttcatttccttagtgtaagtgaggaagatttgtcttgctcctttgtttgaaacatctttgcctgatctttcattttccttgtctctctgtttggcatctacacattacaaagcagacatctttttcagtcttcacagattggcctcacacaggaacatacccacacctattgttgtgggaatcaggaggacgagagagacctcgggggaaagcaagaggatctttattgaatgcactcagacccagcagacttaacatccaaaaactgggccctgaacaaggacagcacttgacttttatacacacttctaaaagggggtgggctagcttgaagcaggcttacagtggcacaaaagcaaggatatagaggcagaacaattaatccaattgtgacaggttcataactcaggactatacatgaacattgctatgcaacccagatgtctgttatctaggttttgctcaaaagagccttgcactggtttatctcataaccttcaccatggtgcccagacggctgtagttcaggcctgctcaggcttctcacgaccttcgctgtact
>Human| chr7:133314886-133316385 | element 200225 | negative
TTACTAAGGTAAGTCAAGTGCTATGATATACTTACTGAAGATCAATATTTTCATTATTTATGCTGGTCTACTGAATGCCAGTTGTTGAGTCAGCACTGAAACAAGTCATAAAAGAAATTTATTCCATTTTTAGGGCCTCACTATTAAAGTTAGTCAGTTTAGCAGATAATCTCAATCCCACTGAGTAGCTACTTATTTTCAGGAGTAAATACTTTTATTTGATTTTCTTTTTTTCACActcgctacctctgtccctctcctgccctcttcccttccctccctccctctctcTGTTTTATCTATCTcaggagttggaaactgcttactggagaaatctactctgcacacgtatttttaaatacatttttattgacacacagacatgcttatttgtttatgtattgcccatagctgcttttgtgctacaagtgcagacttttaattgcaacaggactcatatggcccacaaagcctgaaatacttattttctggccctttacaggaaaaaattgcaaacccATAATCTGTCCCTCTCATTTACACCAATGTCTGAGATATCCTTTGAGAATTGGCAGGTCTCTGAAATATGATTTATAAAAAATGAAAGACATATACATCAAACATATGTTTTTATATATTGAATGATAACATGATATGACTAGAGTGAAATCTATTCTAATGCTCAGTTCATTGTGATAACATGATTATAGGAAAGTAAGAATCCATGGTGCCTCCATTAAAGAAAAAATATAAATCCTAAATACTTTTAAAAAGGTACTTTATgagagtggaaaaaaggggcaattgttgagtagataaaacgtttcagtttatgataaaaaagttctagagatctgttacataaccatgtgcgcatagttaacactactgtatggtacatttaaaaaaggttgatggtaaatgtaatgttatgtatttttttaccacaattTTTAAAATGCACCTTTTGGGATCCAGATATCTAATATATCAATTGTGTGTTTTCTCTGTAAAGAACCAGAGTATATATTTGTGGCATTTTCGCATAATAGAGCAGAAACTCCTGGATTTACTAAATGTTAGGTACTTCAGAATATCACCTTACCTTTCTCACATCACTTCTATAATATTTGAGGCATTTAGAATAACAGTTAAACAAATGCTGTTGAATTGACCAGATATAATATTATGTATATTTTCTCCAAGCATAAACAGTTTATTACTACAATTATCCTACCTTCTCATTAACCGAGACTTACTAAATTGATACCATTAGAACTAATTACATTCTAATCTCTTATATAGCTAACCAGTGTTCTAAATCGTAGTGGATTAGTTTCCTCAATTGATTTTAAATACAAAAACATAAATATGTAAATTAAATAACAAAAACTTGACTTTCACACAATAAAAAGTTTTTAAAGAAATTTTATTGCCTTTAAGAAGTCTGTTGTAGCAGAGATTTGTAGCAGGTAAATTCATTTAGGAACCATGGGATTA
>Human| chr13:28283324-28284823 | element 200226 | negative
GACTTTTTTTTAATATCGTAGAAAAATCCTAGACTTCTAAGAAAATAAAAGAGGTCAACCTACAATCAGAGTATAACATTGGTTTTAGTCTCAAAATATTTCTATTCAACTAAATCCTTTTTCTCCTCTTTAAAAAGCCACTTGAGAAATCCCATTTGACAAGGGATATTACTACAGTTTGTACTGCTCAACATCAGGGCAAGACTTTTTTCCCCCTTTTGTAAAATCAATTTGAGTTATTTACAATGAACTTAAAAACCATGAACTTTAATGAAAAAGCTTGACAGGTTTGATGTATGATAGACTAAAGTTTAAAAAAAAGACAGAAAAAGATTTTTTTTTCTCTTTGGCTGTGGGATAAAAACATGGGTCTAGCTACTCAGAGTCACTTCTCAGAGAGCAGTGTAATAGAGTTGCCCAGTGATTATAAAATTTCTACAGAAAACTAGCTAACAAAGGAGATGTAAATGTTTTTCCATCAATGGAATAATGTAGCAGGAGGGGGTTGCGTTTCTCCCAACAAACAGAATCTTTTTGTGTGGTGTGTTTGTCTGCAAGCTAGTTGCTGATTACATTATTTGGTTTATTTTGTTGGGGTAGCTCCTAATAATTATTTTCTGGGAGAACCACAAAATAGATTAAGGTGCAGGACATCCTTCCAGAAGGGGCTGGATTCTGGCCATGGATGGCCTAAAACACTGGATGTTTTCAATACATGACTTCATGTCCTCCACGGCATTTGCATCCCAGCTCCTTGTTTGCTTAATGCCTTCACACTAGTTGTAAGCAGTTTCTCAAACATAATCTTCAGCTGGGTGTTTACTTTGACCATGGACTTGATTTAGAAAGAACACTTTTTTCAAAGCAAATCCATCCACTCTTGCTGTCTCTAAAGGCAAAAGAGAATAATTGTGTCATGGCACCCAGCCCTGTGTGTTTAGAGCTTTGAAATGATCCCAAAATTACTTTTCCCCTTTCATTTATTTTCTTCTTAAATCCTGTTTTACAGTAATCATTGAAGTGACTTCACTACATGGTCAGCTAAATGATGGCTTCAGGAATCTGGCTATTTTAAGTAGTAGAGACTAAATATCCACTTCTCAGTACAAACCTTTTTAAAAGGTATTTGTTTAATGGATGAGAAATGCCTGGAATATGAATTAAAATGTGCTCAAAGTACAACTGCATTTTTTCTAAAACACTCTGTGCAAGAAAATGTAAATTTTGTTCCTTGTTTGTACCTTTCTTCTAGATTGTATTTGTGTCTCTTTATAAGAAATAAAGAGGAAAAGAGCAGGGCaaatttagaaataaaaacatattttaatattattaGTGACTTCTACCTGATCACTTACTAATGAATTTTAAGTCAGTGACTTTGCAATGTAAATATAAAATCAGTTATATAGTTTGGAAAAACTCTGCACCCTGAGTTCTATCCCTTTCACACATTCTTTGACCCTTTTAAGTTTATCCTTTGACTATAATGAGTTTATT
>Human| chr12:90279087-90280586 | element 200227 | negative
TTTGAGGATGTATCTATTTTGACACTGTCAATGAAAGAGGACTGCTCTGCCTGCTAACATAGAATGGAACTCTGCTGAGATAAAATGTGGCAGCCATTCAGGACACCACACATACTTTTCTAAGCAGCCTTCTATATGAATAAATGTTGTTATTACATGGCAAATTTACAAAGGCAGAAGGTAAGAGGGTAGAAGAATTTGTCTGCAGAGTTTTATTATATATTACAGAGATAGCTATTGGGGGAAAAATTGGTGATAAACATGGTAATGGCTCATTTTCTTAGATGGAGCTCATTAATCTTATCAACGATGGCCTCTTTTAAATCCTGACAAGAAATTTTCTGCAAGGAAGTATAGACATTGTGATATGAGGAATGTAAATGGGACACTCTGTAAAGCTGATTGACTTTAAACACACAAGCTAAGGATGAGCTGATGTCTTATGGGTCCTGTTTCTCCATCAGTATTTCTATGTAATCTTTTGTTTGGCAGCTAGCAGACACTACTTGATGTATTTTTCAAGACAGAAAAATATAGTGACACCTGTTTATGGAGTTCACCCACAGATCCACACATTGTGGACTGTTTTGACAACTGGTTTCTAAAAGTAGATTTAAGACAAATGTAGGCATTCTTTGGCATAATTAAACTCATCACAGAATGCCTACATGATCAACTTCTGGTACCTGAATGCCTATTTTAGGAGATCCCAATGGGTAAGTTGTAGTAATTTTGGAGACATCTATGAGGCTGCTATTAATTCTTAGATGATAGATTTCCATTATGAATGTGAACTCTCAGAAATGAGATTCAACTTAAAGAACTGAAATCATTTATTATGAAAGCACTACAGAGAACCCGGTTTAATCATTCCAATATACTGTATTATAAAACACGGTTGAAAATTCACCGTACTAGCATAGATGGTTTGCATAGACCAGGTTCAAAGTGCACCATTCTTTAAAGGGAATAGGAAAGTTTACCGATCACACCAGTGGTCTGTGCACATCTGTGTCTGAGTGTGATATGAAAGGTCAGATTCTTGGAGGCAGGAAAACTTGGAACAGGGAGTCAGTCATGAAATTTGGTGGCTCCActgtagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaatggcgtgaacccgggaggcagagcttgcagtgagccgagatcacgccactgcactccagcctgggcgacagagcgagactccatctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaagaaaTTTGGTGGCTCCAATTTTTTACAGGGTGTGACAATCAGTACCTGTGTAGACACAGAATAGAAATAGTGGGTAGCTGGATAACTCTTGTTGAGATAGAACATTGAATTAAAAACTATTGGCCTCTTAGAAAAGAGGCAGAAGCCTCAATCAAATTTTTGACtatatatatgtgtgtgtatgtgtgtatgtatatatgtgtatataaagacacacacacatctttatatacacatatatacatacatacacacatac
>Human| chr7:133112095-133113594 | element 200228 | negative
CAGGCATTGACATCACCTCTATACGTTTTCATCAACAACTCTGACATTTTGACATGACAACCTTGAAACTATTATCTTATGGAATGCCAGACACATGATCTGTTGTTCATAAAGCAGTAAGTAGAATGGAAATGGATTTTTCTTTTAATTTTTGGTAGAGCAGGAATTTTAACCTCCAGTCAGAAAGGAAAACAGAGCAGTTTGTATCTTGGATTAGCTTTTATCAGCTACTCTGCACCCTCATTTTTGCCATCTACAAGTGCGTTGGGGTGCAGGGAGATGTGGGGTTGGCACAGGAAGGTTGAGCCACCCAACTCTGTACTCTGTAAATTAATATCTTGCTTTTGCATGAACTCTCTTTGCCGGTTTTCTCCATCAATTGCCGTGGTAGAGATGAGGCTGGTGGCCAAATATTTTCTTCTTGTATTTCCAGTGGGTAAGGGGGTGGTACCACACACACTTTGGGTATTCCATTGTTCTTCCTTTCAGTTTGAGGTTCCCATGTAGAAAAATTACACTGTGTTTTGATAATCTGATTAACAGAAGGGAAAAAATCAATTGGTAGATTTTGAAGAGAGAATCAATTTCCTTATTACAGAAAAAGATGAGAGACATAACTACCTTGTGTTTGCAAATTATTTGCTTCAGTCTGTGATGCTTTCAAGAGTTTGAGAAATAGGGTATTTAACTTCTCAACTTATGCCTGATAGGATCACGGTAAAAGTGCTCCAGCCTAATGGAAGCTTAAAAATGCAGCTCTTAGAATTGCTGGATCACACTTGACAGTGATTTGTATGTCTACGGCTTATTAAACCTCAGCATAGAGAATGTCCTGATTTAAAATTTTTCAATTTTATTCACTTGGTCTGATGTGAGGAGCAGCCATCCTTCCTGTTGTCTTGTGTAGTCGAATGTAAATTTCTCAGCCACAGTTAAATTTCTGGTCAAGGCCAACCACACTGAGCGTTAAGGAGTTCTTTCTCCCTTGGACTTCTCAATCAGAGAATTGCTAACATTTCACCTTTGACTTTGTTCTCTATTGACATCTAAATGCCATTTGTTATTCCAGTAGCCATAAGCATTTGCCATCAAGCAGAGCACATGCCTTAGAGTGATCAGGAAGAAGCAATGTCAGAACAAATGGTAATCACTCTGTGCTAAtattctattctgttctattctgttctgttctgctctattctattcttattttattATAATCCTTGGAGCATATCCAGCTTTGGCTAGTTATGCACAGACTCAATGCTTAGAAATTTGCTGTTGTAGAATTTGTAAATCAGGAAACGGATTCAATAATTGTGGCTTGAAGACTTGTTTAGTATAATATTCGGGTTCCTTCAGTTATATTCTACATCAGTGTGTTTTCTGGTATGCCACTTGCTTTCTTTTATGCCACAAACATCTGTTGCTGCTTATTGTAGATGTTAGATTTTGAGCCAGGGTATACCAGGACTTACTAAAGTTAATTTTGGTAAAATT
>Human| chr7:116060827-116062326 | element 200229 | negative
gtttcctgatttccaattcagggctgtttttaccatcacCTCCATCTCAAGGGCTCACCCCTATGACAAGCAGCTACAGATACCATACCCAGATCTGGTGGTTCGTGTGATAAGAGGCAGAAGTGTGGCCTTTGCAGGGCTGTATCAGGAACCAAGTATTGGGTGATGGGCTAAGAACACAAAGAGGGAGTAGAAATGAGACCAGAAGTGTGGACCTGCTAAACATGGGACAGTGGGACACTAGCAGATATATTCTCTATATTCTCTGAGCCAGATCTGGATGAGAGTGGCAGGGCAAAAGTTGCAGGTTTAAAAGAAGGTAGAAATGACCACTTCCAAAGACAGATCTCCCACAGTATCAAAAAAGTAGACAGGTATTGCCTGGGGGAGGCAGGTTAGTTGTAGTTAGCACATTGTTTTACTCATAATTAACACATTGATCAATTGACCTTCAGATCATTTTAGTTAAAAAATGTGATGGGGTACAGTCATGGAAAGAAAAACATTATTTCTACAGCACCTGAGCTGAAAAACATTTTCAGGGCATTTGTACAAACAACATAGCTAACATCCACCGTAGAAGTATGCTTTCTCTGCAAGAAAATCCTTTTTAAATTTAGTCCTCTCCTTAGCTTTTCTACTTTTTTATTCATTCATCCATGTAGCCATCAGATTTAGGAACTACCTACTATATACCCAACAACTTAATCACTGTCAATATTTACAATAATGAGATGGCTGTTTTTTTTTCATGTGGTAGAGGCTTGGAAAACATGAATTCCTTCTTTAAAATGTTTGTAAATGTTTGTTCTACTAACTTGAAATAAGTAATGTGTTTGTGTTCAGAGCAAACAATTCCAATGTCTCATTTTAGGAAACAAATTAATATTATTGAATTTTAAATCAACAATAACAAAACACTCTTAAAAGAATTggccaggggaggtgcagtgctcattcttgtaatcccagcactttgggaggcctagacgggctgatcacctgaggtcaggagttcaagaccagcatggccaacatagtgaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaaattatccaggcatggtggtgcacacctgtaatcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacccgggagccagaggtgcagtgagccgagatcgcaacactgcactccagcctgggcaacagagtgagactcggtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaTTGGCCATGCCATGAAAAAATGGGATGCATCATTTATGTAAAATCTATTCACAAATAAGTAGAGTACTTAAATAAATGTCAGAGTTAAAATGGTGACTTAACTAATACTTTTTGTAAACTTGAGAGTAATTCCTCACCATCTTGAATGAAGATATTTTGTGTATCTTGATTATGTGGCAAGACTTGGTTGTCTTTTTCATCTGCCTGACCCTAATCCCACTCCTGATCTTCAGTAAAATAGATTAAAGAGAAAGAGACTCTG
>Human| chr1:237180851-237182350 | element 200230 | negative
tctattattggttgctggttggatttctaatattttgttagaaatgtcatgacgaatgtgtggctatgagggttgttagtctctagttttctggtctcataatgtctttatcaggtttggtatgagaaaacaaggagggaagtgtttcttttttttgctattttctgaaagagctttcctacaattggaattaaattttccttaagtgtttgatataatttgctagtgaaatcatttaatcctggaggtattttttggggaaaagactgatgacaatgaactgaattacttcaatagatatagagctatttgcattttgctatttcatttctgtttcttttgataaattgtgtcttttgagaagtttaacaatttaatctagtttgcaaaatttattgacaaaaatattcatagtattaccttatcttttcttccttccttcttccttttctctctttctctctttctttctctttctttctttctttttctttctttctttccttctttctttccttccttccttccttctttctttcttctttcaacagaatctctctctgtcacccaggctagagtgcaatggcacaatcttggcttactgcaacctctgcctcctgggttcaggtgattctcctgcctcagcttcctgagcagctgggattacaggcacctgccaccatgcccagctaatttttgtatttttaatagagacggggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtctgagactcctgacctcaggtaatctgcccccctcagcctcccaaagtgctggggttacaggcatgagccactatgcctggcctaccttatcttttgaatgactgtagaatcagtagtgatttcccctttttaaatccttatattggtaatttgtgttgtctctctctctctctcatttgtcagtttggctagagttttatcagttttattaatcgttttgttttgtttcatagattttctttctttctttttctatttctattaatttttgttcttaactttattactttcttccctctgcttgtggtgggtttaatttccacttctttctttggtttcttgaagcggaagcttagatcattgatttgaaatccttcttttctagtatgtttagtgctacacatttccttccccgcactatttgtcctctacctgcacattttgatatgtggcactctcattttaattcagtttaaaatatattctaattttcctgttgttttcttgtttaatctatgggttatctagaaatatgttgtataattttgaagattttagggattttctggatatctttctgttatttatttcattatagtcacagaacatactttgtttgattttagtactcttaaatttattgatacatgttttatagcccaagatatggctcatattggtgaatgttctgtatagatttggaaaaaaattgtgttctgctattgctgagtagtgttctacaaatgccaattagat
>Human| chr5:29453303-29454802 | element 200231 | negative
GCCAGTATAAAGAATTGTCAGAAGAACATGGGTATTATCTTCAGATTCTCCAAGGGGTTAACCTTTATGTTATCTGTTAAATATGAATTATGTATTAACTTCTCATATTTCATATATAAAACTTTGTGCCTTGGTCCTGTTCCTCAGGATGACCTTGATGTAATCAGAAATAATAGTGTTCTTTACCAAAGACATTAATCAATAACTTTATAATATGAAGCACTATGAATATTTAATGGTTCAGCTTGAATAATTCAAATCCTGTATTACTAAAAAATAAAGTCAATTGAGTGACTGAGAGTTCTATATCCCAAAATTCCTACTCTGCTTACTACCTATTCTATTTACTATTCTCTTTACTATTTGAGAAGGATATGGAGTTGAATATGTTGCAAACATCATGTATCTTTTGTTCGATTTTCTTGAACACGTCATATTTTTTTTTAGTTCATTTTCTGAATATAAGTAATTTTTGGTGAATTAATACTTTAAACAAGAGTTCACCTGGAAAGCAGTAGGCTAAATTTCATTAAAAATATTTTATTAACATACCTTAAAAATTTAATAGGACAATGCATCAAAGAACAATTTCAAAATAAAAACACAGAAAATAAATGACCAGCAAAATTGCATTGAAGTCTTAAAAACAGAAATAAATACCTTAATAATCATAGGTAATACGGAAATCCAATGTATGACTTACCTATAGAAAACCCTTGTAAAATTTCATTTAAATCTAATGTCAATATGAACTATGTAGGAAGTCCATTAATAAATAAGAATATTATATAGGTACACATGTATATATTCATTTTAAGCCATATGCAGCCCTATTTGAAAATGTTAAAAAAGTCATCAGGATTAGTCCATTCTGATTATTAAAAAATAAAATTGTCGTTGCTCATTGTAGAAGATAAATGTCAGCTGTGCAGTGGATGTGTTTATAGCCACCCAGTAATCCTATCGCCTCAATAATGCATTTCCCTTTTTTTAGTTAAAAACTTAATTGCATTAAGAAACTGTATGTGTTTAGGAATATGAATATAGAAGGAGTAAACATCGTTTAGTAAAATAAGTTTTACTTGCATATTAAAATTTACTGTGTTTGTGAAGATGCTGATAGTACATTACATATGGAGATTCAAGTGTGCATAGTCACTAATTCTTTAAACTATGTTTGATATTAGTAATAATTTACATATATATCAGAATTTAATTGAAAAATACTAAATGACTGCTAATATACATTATTCTTCTGAGTTGCATTTTTGCTTAATGAAATAGAATTTTTAAAAAAATGTTTATTTTACCTTTATTCCTACTAGATTATACATTTCATTGGAACAGCATTATATGTTTATTAGTGTATTTGTTTACCTATATTAGAAATTGACTTTGAAATAAACCAGATATAATAGCATTGTTGTAGATGTATTTATTGTGGTAAAAATAATATTCTGCATCTGAGTTTTGAGCAAGGAGATTTTACAAATGGCAGAA
>Human| chr7:75561789-75563288 | element 200232 | negative
gcgcctggccAGAATTTCTATTTTAAGGAACTTATCAGTGGCTTACAAAGACTTATGTTGAAAATATATCAATCCTGTTTTTCATGACTTTTTTAAAAACAGTTTTAATTTTTTTTTCTGTACTAGAAAATGCACTGTAACTTGACATTGTAATAGTGAAAATATAATGACATTTGAGAATTTATAACAAGAAAATGTTCACAATTTAATATATGAAAAGTAGAACAAAATTATATGTAGTATAAGACCGATCATGTTAAAAACATgggcgggcacggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggtgggtggatcacgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctggccaacatagtgaaaccccatctctactacaaatacaaagattagccgagcatggtggcaggcacctgtaatcccagctactccagaggccgaggcaggaaaatcccttgaactcgggaggtggaggttgcagtgagctgagcgagatggcaccactgcattccagcctgggcaacaacagagcgagactccatctgaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggaaaaGTATGTCCTGTAATATGCATGTAAAAAACTGGTAGAATGAAACCAAATAAGAGTTTGGATTATGTTTTCCTTAATTTTATGTTTTAAAATATAGCACATTTTCTTCACTAAACATGCTTTTAAAttttttaattgacaaagttgtatatatttatagtgtatggcatattgttttgaagtctggtagaatggctaaattgagttaattaacatatgcattacctcacacctttttttgtggtgagaacacttaaaatctactcttagcagtcttcaagagtacaacacattgctactaactatagtcaccatgttatacaataggtctttGttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttgagcggagtttcactcttgttgcccaggctggagtgcaatggcgcgatctcggctcactgcaacctctgcctcccaggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctctggagcagccaggattacaggcacctgccaccacgcctggctaattttttgtatttttagtagagatgggggtttcaccatgttgcccaggctggtttctaactcctgacctcaggtgatccacctgcctgggcctcccaaagtgttgggattacaggcgtgagccaccgcacccagccTCAGTAGGTCTCTTGAACTGTAtttaattttaactttttgttttgaaatagtttcagatttgcaaaaaagttgcaacagcagtgctaacaattcttgagcgccctttacccagatttccccattgttaatattttaccatatttgctttatcaatgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtagatatattttttcttgaactatttgagaatgagttgcagatatgaccaagatacttggttacccctaagtacttcagtgtgtattttcttcaaggcaaggacagttt
>Human| chr9:117648410-117649909 | element 200233 | negative
ttttctttatttctctggctaggacctccagttcaatgttgaataggattgatgctaacggacatttttatcttgttcctaaccagagggaaaaccttctatatttcaccactgagtatgattttagtgtaggtttttAACATATATGGTTCTTTTGTTTCTTAGTATAAACTATTTAAAGAGGGATGACtgttgacgagaaacacttcttctgttttctagcagtttctttcacatgaaggaagctcagttagtttaactccatgtctttctttgcttttgttcactttgtcacagggatggtggaataacttatctgcttcataaatctgggaggaaaagagcaggcatgttcctttcaactgctctctttatctttctcttaggaatcccctgTACTTGCCCAGGAttcagtgatgctatgacaggcaagcctacctagatctgagattcagctagcagagctggtctttctggctctgaagctaagctgcatcctccaacttaacctttcatagtcatgaagttgatattttaatttcctatctgccttaatatttgttttactcttcagtttgttcaagagcctgaatgcagaaagaggTAGCTCTCACCACTTCTGAAACTTTAATAGCGGTATTAAGAGATACTTTTACCTTTATTAGTTTCATTATATTCAGtattttaaaataaaacaaattttaaataaaCTAGTCACAAAGAAGTTTTAACATCTGTCAAAGAAATATATTTTTAAAGTATGATCTTCATGGGCCATTTAAGCctccttcctcttctgcttatccagctctctttccattaccctttccttctccatgttcttcCTGCTGTACCTTAGCCAAGCTTCATCCCTGACAGAAAGCTACACAGTACCCTTCCCTCTTTGAAGTCCTAGACTTTTTTCTCAGCACCATCAGATCGGCACAGCTAATTTCTCCTGTAGATCTTTCTTCCCTGGCTGGCCAAGGGTGAAGCCCTCCAAAGCCAAACCCCACAGGATTGCTCCCTGGACTTACCACAGGAGTTCTACCACTTCTACATTCCCATAACATTCCTTGAATTAAAttagtccctcaggtcctctttatcttatctttgcattgggaataatcataggatcaatctcatagaatacctgtgaatattgaaagagttatttgaatgtaaaagcacttagaccagtgagtgcctggctctcagtaaactcctatcacatgttcactattcttATTAGCTTATATTATTGCATTTATTGGGCTTTTAAATATGTTATTTTATACTTTTATCAGGATGTTTTGTGATAAAAATGTGACTTATTTTGCAACTTATTTTTTAAGCTTCATTAAAAACACATCTGGGTCTTGTGCTTTTCTTGCATTTCCTTTGTGCTAGTTGAATTTGCTATCTGAAATACCACAGCAAAACAATAATATTGAAATTTCAGTGTTTTTTTTACCTGTGTTTCTGAAATACTATTAG
>Human| chr15:50942544-50944043 | element 200234 | negative
aggcttatgacagggtcctcaaaaaaagtatcattaaattagaaggactaaattagacctagacagaccaggcacggtggctcatgcctataatcccagcaccttgggaagccaaggtggatggatcacctgaggtcaggagctctagaccagcctgaccaatatggtgaaactctgtctctcctaaaaatataaaaattaactaggcatggtggcgtacgcttgtagtcccagcttctcaggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacctgggaggcagaggttgtggtgagccgagatcgtgccactgcactccaggatgggcaacacagcaagactgggtctcaaaaaaaacaaaaaaaaacaaaaaaatcagacctagacagcccatgccctgacaaagtttaagagcaagacctgaaaggatcaaactgatccaaagtaatctaattgcatgctatagcaagtctaaaactcgctagtggaatacaacaaatgccagtaaccaaaaacataaaattcactattgtcagcatgcatgaaaaattcccagacattggccgggcgtggtagctcacacatgtaatcctagtatttttgaaaatggagaccggcagtttgcttgagcccaggagtttagaccagcccgggcaacatggtgaaccccatctctacaaaacatacaaacgttagtcgggcgtggtgatgcacgcctgtagtccaagctacttgggaagctgagatgggaggactgcttgagcccaggaggcagaggttgcagtcaactgatatggtgccactgcactccagcctgggtgacacagagagaccctgtctcaaaaaagtaaataaataaaaatttcaaagaatactgaggcatgcaaagaagcagaaaactatcaataaaataaaatcactaaatgaagaccagaaaagaacgagatgatggaattatcagaaaatgacacaaaaacaagtattataaatgAGCTCCAACTATTAAGACCATGCTTGACgccgggtgtggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaagccgaggcgggtggatcacgaggtcaggagatcgagaccatcctggctaacacagtgaaaccccgtctgtaataaaaataaaaaaaatttaaagaaagaccatgcttgttgggcacggtggctcatgcctataatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcaggtggattgcttaagcccaggaATTCAATATTAGCCTGGCAACATAGTAAGACTCTGTCTCtaaacgaaaaaattaaagaaaaaattaaagaaaaGAAGACTGTGGGAAAAGAATATGAGCATGATGAAgaccaacatggtgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatataaaaaataagctgggcgtcgtggcagtcgcctgtaatcccagctactcgggaggctgaggcagaattacttgaacccaggaggtgggggttgcagtgagctgagatcgcgcca
>Human| chr15:45644486-45645985 | element 200235 | negative
CTTCCATTACGTGCAACCAAAAGGAACCCAAATCATGTGGGGGTTATTCAGGGTTGATGTTTTAAAAATGAAAATTTGAATATGGCGTGGCAAAGTGGGTGTGACCacagaaggaaatgacaaccaggcttgaatggaagtttactgtactcacaggcccagagaggggtcaccacataccacacaggtccacaagggaatcgtcaagttttggtcatgtggcggaagacaggagctgggggaagcttagacgtgagtctttgttgaggtttccttgggaaaggcaaggcagagcagagaaagcagcttgggattgactagtttgaataattctgaccagctctgggctataggagtggtctgcagttgcctgatttagagcaggggaaatattggtttggtgtctgagagatcgataaggagatggcagggctatcgacttgggattggttggtttgtatatgaaaaatgtgctcctagccaagccctttgctatctctaagaattagcaagacctgaaaggggcagtctttctctggccagcaagatgtcaaaacatcatgaaatacagaaaataaaaaacacaattaatacaactgGATATCTTCAAAACAAATAATGGCAGTTAAAAGCATAAGATTCCAGAGTGTTAGTAAGGGTTCTTCAACTGTAAAAAGAGTCCATTTAAACCAAAGGAGTAGAGTTCTAGGGAGACATGATTGTCTGAGAAGCACATTTATCAGAGCTAACCAAGCAAAAAGGGGAGGTGAGAGATGAAGACAgggaagatcagaggcatttccggcaaagggaaaatgtgtaaaatccctggggcagaagagagcatggctctggggtagccagagtggagggaagccagggaaagtggcagtgagacaggctggaggtgggcggacgcaaggccatgtggggccctgtagtccattgtaaggatttgggactttgttttagagaaaaatgagaattccactgagagactttgcggagatggggagaagaggggaccagatttccgtactgagaggtcagtctggctgctgaggcttgaggaagctgtggcaatggttcaggtgagagatattggtagcttggactagaatggaggcagcgaggatgaaaaaaataagtaggttgttgattaatttgTTCTAAGCTGAAGGTGTACATTTGGCAGATTTCCTATAGATCATAATGAAATCATGGGTAGTAAAGTGAGGGAAGGATCTAGTGAAGAATGAGAAAGAAATAGGGCCTTGAAAAGAGTCCTAAGGAAGCCGAAGACTTTCGAGTCCTTTAGACTCcagggcttggtaaacttatcctgtaaaggatcagatagtaaatattttaggctttgtagccaagaatcagaatcaagatattatgtgggtacttatataacagagaggaaaaagaagccataaagctgttatcgacaaaattcaaaatataataaaaattgaggacaacctttttata
>Human| chr2:39012582-39014081 | element 200236 | negative
cagctcactgcaatctctgcctcccaggttcaagtgattctcctgcatcagcctcctgagtacctgggagtataggcgtggaccactacgcccagctaattttttgtatttttagtagagacggagttccaccaagttggccagggtggtctaaaactcctgatcgacccacctcggcctcccaaagttctggggttacaggcatgagccaccacacccggcTCTCATTAAGTGTTTTTTCAAGCAAAAATAAAATTATTCCAGTACCTATACATGTTTTTCGCTTTTGCATATTAATATCCTTTAAAGATTTTTAGGTAATTGTAATCAATGTGTATGCTTTTTTCTTTGTTTCTGTAGTCtttatttatttatttttgagatggagttttgctcttgttgcccaggctggagtgtaatggtgcgatctcggctcaccacaacctctgcctcccgggttcaggcgattctcctgcctcaggctcccaagtagctgggattacaggaatgcgccaccatgcccagctaatttttgtatttttatagtagagacggggtttctccatgttggtcaggctggtctcaaactcttgacctccggtgatccgactgcctcggcctgccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccactgcacccagccCATATTTTTTAAATAAAATTGTGATTACTTAGACTTTGCTGAGttttttatttttaattaatttttgataagagtctggctctgtcacaggggttggagtttaatggcaaaatcataggtcactgccaccgtgactgcctaggttcaagcaatcccgccttcaggtgcaggccaccaaatgggctttttttttttttttttggcaaagagaaggtctggttgtgctgccctgcctggttttgaactgggctcaaatgatcctccctcctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattataggcttgaggcactaaccacacccggcctttgtttttgatgacagccattctagttaagttgtgaagcagtatctacttgtggtttcgttttgcatttccctcgtgactaaggatattgagcatcttttcatgtgcatattaaaccatttgtttatcttctttgttgaaacgtttattgagatattttgcctttttttttttttttttttgcaacttcttccaggaaggcactaatttttaaaatagggtatttactggccgggcgcagtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttggataggccgaggtgggcggatcacgaggtcaagagattgggatcatcctggccaatatggtgaaaccttgtctctactaaaaacacaaaaattagctgggaatagtgatgtgcgcctgtagtcccagctactcgggaggctgaggcaagagaatcgcctgaacctgggaggcggaggttgcagtgagccaagatcacgcctctcaaaaaagaagataagtgatttgcaaatattttctcccaGC
>Human| chr4:119155268-119156767 | element 200237 | negative
AGAAACCATCGACAGTggccaggcacagtggctcacatgtgtaatcccagcattttgggaggctaaagtgggtggatcacatgaagtcaggagtttgagactagcctgggcaacatagcaagaccccatctctaacaaaaatacaagaattagccaggcatggtggtgtacacctgtggtctcagctaatttgggaggctgagatgggaggataacctgagcccatggaggttgaggctgcaatgagctgtgattgcaccactgcactccagcctgagtgacagagtgagaccctctctcaaaaaaagaaaagaaagaaaCCATCGACTACTTCAGCTGTATTTGATCACTGACTCAAATATACATGCCAGTATATAATTATAGAATAAAATGATATTAACATCAGGACTAAAAGGACTGAATAAAAACTGCTTTGGAGGTGGACAGGAATGTATTAGTATTACATTCCTGTCAATAATTGGATTCCCTAGGATGTTTTTTCAAAGAACATATTTTTGAAAAATTTATGGTAAAAAATTATTGCAACAGTTATTCTTAATTTTTTACCATAAATTTTACAAAAATATATTTTGGTCATCATGTGGCTAGGTACTCTAATAGGAACAAAAAGTCCAgctgggcacactggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggcgggcagatcacctgagctcaggagttccagaccagcctggccaacatggcaaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcttgttggcaggtgcctgtaattcgagctactcaggaggatgaagcaggagaatcacttgaacctgggaggcagaggttgcaatgagtcaagatcgtgccattgtactccagcctgggtgacagaaggagactccatcaaaaaaaaaagaaaaaaaaaggaaggaaggaaggaaggaCTGACTCAGGGTTGACCCAAATAACAAATAAATGTGGAGTATTGCAAAAAAAATCCCATTTTTCAGGTAAAAGAAAATGCTGAAGTTTTATGTTTTATAGAAGTAGAAAAACTTAAGGGAGGCAGGCATTTGCTTTTAACCCTGAATTGTTAAAACACTCCAGTTTGTTCACTAATTCTTTGAATAACCTGAATTTACATTCTATAAATGTGAGCCTATTTGTGGAGCTTCAAGGTCTCATACTAAAAATATGAACCTTTTATTTACTTCTCTATTAATCGAACATCTTTCAAATGCCTGTAAGTGCCAGCAACTACACTAGAAAAATGCGGACATATAGGCAAACAAGAGCTGTGCCCTGCCCTCTCCATGAGCCCCTGGGGCCTGGCAAAATCAACACATTATAGGTCCAAGATCCAGACTTGCTTGAGGAGGTTTTCAAAGCCTAAACTGTTCCAGATACAAAAGACTTCTAGGAAGGTATGGCAGGTTTAAGAAGCTAAAATTTCTGCTCTTTTGTGTGATTTTTGAAGCCTTTTTCAGAACA
>Human| chr10:102502573-102504072 | element 200238 | negative
cttttcccctttcctcttctttcttcctttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttGCTTTCTTGCTTCCCCCCACCCCTCTACTAGACTGTATAGAAGAAAGAGAACAGAAAAGGGGGAGTCAGAGGAGCGGCCAGTGACTGGATGAAGGCCAGCCCTTCATCCTGGAGCCCCAGGAGAAGGCAGAGCTTTGGAGAAAAGGGGTTCCTAATCTCCAGGGAGCATTACTCTTTGACTCTCTAGACCCAGGAATGGGCTGGAGCTAATGGGGAAGCGGCCAGGAGCCGGCCTGGCGGAAGAGTGAGTGTCCAGCTAGTGCAGTGCTGGGGAGACGATCCCAGGAGCAGGGGGGACTCTCAGGGGCTACCTGGGAATGGGACTATCAGAAGGGTCTTTACTCCTCAGAAGGTGCATGTGAAGGACAGGTGTGTGAGGACAACTTCCAGCACACTTGGCGCATTAAGTCCCCTTCTCTACAAAATGGAAAATCCTTCTCGCCCAACATGTGAAAATGCTTGTTGTGGGCACCCACATTTCATGGTACTTGTAACATAGGGACATGTCTAGCTGGTTCTAGAAAAATCTGTGTCTGTGTGGAAGGGGGGGGGTTTACTCACAGCTTTCTTCCTTCAATAGTTCACACACCCCGAGACAAATTCCTGGATGACCAACTTGGAGAGACCTGGGGCAAAGGTTACTTTAGTTCTGAGCTCCTCTAAATAAGGACCCTTTCTCAACGTTCCTTTCACCCCAGTTCTGGGTTAATTACTTCCCAGAGGGGAAAGCCAAGGCTGTGCTAGCTAATACCACCTGAGATCCCTTGCACTCTGGCCTGGGAGCTGTTACTTTTCGGCTGCCCGAACTGTTTTCCTTCTTCGGTCCCTACACGAAGTTAGTGCGTGTTCGTGGGGTTGTGAGGCCAAAGCAAACCCGGGAGCGCCATCTGCAGGCCTCAAGAGGAAGAGACTGACCTTAGAGGCTAGGCCCTGCGTCTTCAACCTCTAGCCCAAGGGAACCAACCTGCCTAGCCACCCAAGGGAAGTGGGATAGGGGCTGGGAGGGGCAGGCGGTGAGGAGTGTTTTCCTCCCAGACTTTACCCCGCAGGTGGATTAAGCTTATTGGGCTCTGGAGGATACAGGAGGGAGGGCAAATGCCAGGATCCCAGCGGACCCAGGCCCCACAGGAGTGAGAGGCTCAGAACCTCGTCCCGCTGAGCCTGGCCTGAGCTCCTCCTGAGGAATAAGGGCATCCCAAAAACCCGGGTACAAGACGCCCAGTAGTAGTAGTTAGGCTGAGTCAGGCAGGTGCATCTCTCCCCATGGTATCTGCCGCCCAGGCTCCGGCCAGAGGGAGGGGAGCGCGAGTCCGCCGCGCTTCCGCGGGGCGCCCGGAGCTGCAGACGGGGGCTGGAGGAATCTCGGATTCGGGCTGCAAGAGCGCTGCGCAAGCTTCGCCGAGCCGCCCTTTCGCAGACCCAGGGAAGCGGGGG
>Human| chr4:14802083-14803582 | element 200239 | negative
catcatataaaaaaattaactcatggtggattaaagatttaagaataagacttcaaactataaaagtcctggacacaagccttgagaaagaatttatgactaagttctcaaaattaatggcaacaaaaagaatcatcaataagtggaacctaattaaactaaagagattttgcacagcaaactgtaatcctagcactttgggaggctaaggcaggcttgagcccaggaattcaagaccagcctgggcaacatagtgagacaccacctctacaaaatataacaataataaatagccaggcaaggtggtgcacacctgtagtcccagctatttgggaggctgaggtgggagaatttcttgatctcaggaggttgagatttcaatgagccacaattgcaccactgtactacatcctgggtgacacagtaagaccttgtctcaaacaaacaaacaaaaacacatgcataaaccaaaaaagagaagctatcaacagaataatcagacaatctaaagaatggcaaaaatattagcaaactatgcatctggcaagggtctaatattcagaatctgtaagaaatttaaacaactgaaccagcaaaatacaaataaccccattaaaaaatgagccaaaatcatgaacagacaatgctcaaaactagacacagaagcagccaacaaagatgataaaatgtttcacatcgccagtcatcagagaaatgcaaatcaaaaccacaatgagacactatctcacaccagtcagagtggctattattaaaaagccaaaaaacaacaaatgctggtaagactgcgaagaaaagggaatgctcatatactgttattgggaatgtaaattagttcagccactatagaaagcagtttgaagatttctcaaagaaattcaaacagaactaccacatgacccagaaatcccattactgggtatacatctaaaagaaaacaaatcattccaccaaaaagacacatgcacttgcacgtccactgcagcactatttacagtagcaaagacatagaatcaacctaggtgccacatcaatggtggacaggataatgaaaatgtggtacatatccactggggaataatacactgccattaaaaagaacaaaattatatattttatagctacatggatgcagctggagggcattatcctaagctaattaatccgggaacagaaaactaaatattacatattctcacttataaatggaagctaaacactgagtgctcatggacataaagatagcaacagtagaaactgggtactacaataggatggagggaaggaaggggaaggagatgaaaaacctactattgggttctatgctcggtaccagagtgatgagatcattcatacgccaaacctcagcatcacacaacatacccaggtaacaaacctgcacatgtatacatgtaccacctgaatctaaaataaaagcagaaaacaataaaaATTTAAAAATAAAAGGCATGGCTATAAACA
>Human| chr7:89476057-89477556 | element 200240 | negative
ATTATAATTAAAATTCTGCTTGGACAATAAAAATGTTAATATATAAGTGAAtttttttttttaatttttaagacagagtctcgctctgctgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcatgatctcagctcactgcaaactccggcttccaggttcacaccattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtaactgggactacaggcacctgccaccacgcccggctatttttttgtatttttagtagagacggggtttcaccgtgttagccaggatggtctcgatctcttgaccttgtgatccacccacctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggataacaggtgtgagccatcacacctggccTATAAAGTGAATTTTTTAAGCAAGGGGAAAAGCTCAAATTCAAATTTTAAATAATCTGTTGGTTGATTCTCTATTAAATGAGTTCAAGAAAAAAGACTAATCATTCACATCCTCACTACCATCAGAGATTGCTAATTACCATCTTTTTCCAACTTTTTTGGGGCTAATTCAGAAATTCAATGTTTATGACATTTTTCAGTTAAATTCTTCATAATGTATACTCAACAAAAGACAAACATCTCACATCAGCCAGCAAGTTTCCTCCCAACACTTAATATCTTCATATTTGGTAAAGGTAACAATCCAAAATAAAATCATTTTACTTAACGGAATTAACAGAGAATGAAATCATCGCACTGTTTCTTTAAAATAATTGTCTAGAATATGAGGTTTTTCCACCAGGAAATATTATGAAAATACACATTGAAATTATTTCCTACTCAATCAGCAGTTCTATTAAGCATTTTACAATCAGATGCTTCAATGCAAGATGCAAATTGTTTTATTTCTGAATCCCCTCCCTCACATTGTGTGACTCCTGAAATTGCTTTAGAAGGAAGCACTTGTTTTTTAAAATAATATTGTAATTCTTTAATAGATACAAAACTAACAAAGAAACTTTGCTTTAACAAATAAGCAATCATTTAGGAGCACATATATCCCAAATATAAAAGATTGTAGATTTAAGCTATTTGTCTTTTTTCCAAGATCATTTGGTTTGAAAGATTCCTCTACTCAAAGGCAATGCGCATCATTTCCACTTTGCTAGGTTATTTGGGAAACACTACAGAAGTGGTAGAGTTTAtatgccacaatggttacaattattggctttaaagtcaaacatgagtcagagtcccaggtctgctacataagattttgtgatcttgagcctcagtgttattatgggtaattggaataaaaatagtatcttacatgtttgctgtaaaattgcattaaataatgcttaatgcctatgtaTAATAAACAACAAATGTTATCTATGATAATTGTGATTAATAGTATAATTAATAAATGGATATACATTTTTATTTCTATAAGTATGGCTGAGTAGATACCCTGAATCATTGTCTCAATTGAATCAATTAAAATTCCAGTTAAAATATAGCATTATTTTTCAAAGCATTGT
>Human| chr4:22861644-22863143 | element 200241 | negative
AGAGTTACATTTTCCGTTTTCAAGGTGCCTACCTAGTACTGTGATTGGCAACTCAACACTGCTTTCCTGTTCCCTATTACAAGGTGTAGCCAGAAACACAAATCTTTAAGGGACTCTGCCGCTTACCATCTGCTTGATACTCAGGGTCTCCAAATGGCCCCAAAAGGTGGTGGCTGTTTGCAGCACTCGGACTTTTGAATTATATTAAGTACCAATCTGAATTTTCTATTTGGCTGACCTCTAAAGAATGACAGAGGAGACCAATGCAGACATCAAGTGTTCAGCAAAGCAACCTTTCGGGACAATAGTTGCTCCCGTCCCGGATGCCAGTGTGACCAATTCAGCAATTCTGTCTTTCCCAGGGATAAAATGAATATTGTGTCAGTGAAGCTAGAATCATAGAGTGATGATCTGAGAATCAGTGAGAAGAAAGACACTGACCTTGGAGAGGTTTAAGAATGCCTTACAAATAGCTATCCAGAACATAATTAAAGGCATTTTAACATCATAAGCCTTGAAGAATGCAAACCATCACTACTGCACACTGGGGAGTAAAAGATACTGCTTTTATAGCTGCAGAGCTTATGGTCAGAAGTGATATGAAATATTAGAAATGTGACAGTTTTATAATAATTTTATTCTTGCTCATTGTGATAATTTTCATTTGCAGCTTTTTACCTTTGAATATCTTGAATTGCATTAAGCCTTTCTCACTCCATCTTTGTCCTGTAACATTAGGGGCCGTGGTTTTAATCTAAGGAATTACAGTAAATGCTACAGGCACAAGGAAACAGATAATGGTGTTTATGATGCTCTTGTTATTTGAAGAATTAAAAGTTCTGAGTGAATTTATATCCCAGTTAATAAAAGTAATAGAGCCCTAAATGAAATATGGCCTCTTCTTTCTTTTTATATTGTCACTAACTCTTCCTATATCCTATTTCCTCTCTTAGTTGCTGTGTATTTTGGCTATGGAAAGGGGGACAGAATCGTTTCTGTCAATTAATTTATTCTGCTCTGTTTTTTTCTTATCTGTATTCTTCTCCCAAATACCATATGCATTCTCTTTTTTTAATAACCCAAGTTAGAATTAGCACTAGAGCTCATCTCGTTTAAATATTTTAATTTCTCAGGTGAGGTAAAATACAGTCATAAGGCAACATAGCAGCAGAACCAGGACTAAAGTCTAGACCCAACACCATGAAaacagtagctgacactcactgagcatttgctaggtgacaggcagaagctctaaacactttgcacgcacaaacaattttaagcttcagagtgtctgtatgagataggacttgctattcttgtcacccccatttcatagtagagtaaactgagacacaggaactctagggtacatacccaaggtgatacaCTTCCTGGGTGCCTCTAGCTGAATAAAACGGGTTGTTGGACCTGAACTTGCACATTCTGCTGTATTCGAGTGCCCGAGGATCTTCACAAGGTTCTTTCCTTCCTTTC
>Human| chr16:32507063-32508562 | element 200242 | negative
ctttgtgatgtgtgcattcatctcacagagttaacctttctatatgtttagcagtttcaaaacactattttgtagaatatgcaaagggatatgtgggagcgcatcaaagcctctggtgaaaaaaaaatcctcagaaaggaaccagaaaaaagctttctgagaaactggtttttgatgtgggtattcatcttaaagagttaaacctttcttttgattcagcagtttgcaagcactgtttttctcctttccacgaatggacattttggggctcattgaggccaatggcgaaaaagcaaatatcccagtataaaaaggagaaggacacagatttgtgatgtgtgaattcatctcacagatttaaattttcttttgaatcagcaatttggaaacactatttttgtaaaacctgtgaagggatatttggaagtgcatggaggcctatggtgaaaaaaactattttcagataaaaactagaaagaaactttctgagaaactgctttttgatatgtgcattcatctcacagatttaaaattttcttttgattcagcagtttggaaacactgtttctgtccattctatgaaaggacatttgaaagctcatcaaggccaacaaagacaaagagactatcccaggaaaacaactagaaagaagctatctgagaaactgctttgttatgtgtgcattcatctcacaggtctacatctttctttggttcagcagtttggaaacactgtttccgtccattctgcaaaaggatatatgaaggctcattgaggccaatggtgaaaaagctaatatccaaggataaaaactggaaggaatctatctgaaaaaatgctttgtgatgtctgcattcatcttgcagagttaaacttttcttttgattgagtagtttggaaactctgtttttgtccattctgcaagtggacacttagaaactcattgaggccaattgcagaaaagtgaatatcccattataaaagctagtatgaagctatctgaaacacggctttgtgatgtgtgcactcatcttgcagaattaaacttgccttttcattcagcagtttggaagcactgtttttgtagaatcttcaaaggtatatttgggagtgcattgaggcctacattgaaaaagaaaatatcttcagataaaaactggaaggaatatcccaggaaaaaacctagaagaacctatctgagaaactgctttacaaagtgtgcattcatctaccagaattaaatctttttttcattcaacaatatggaaacactgcttttgtagaatctgtgaagggatattttggagtgtcttgaagtctatggtgaaaaagaaagtaaattcagataaaaactagaagaagttttcagataaactgctttctgatgtgtgcattcattccacagagttaaatatttatttgattcagcagttttgaaacactgtttttgtccattctgtgaatggacatttggaagcttattgaggccaatgttgaaa
>Human| chr18:4849536-4851035 | element 200243 | negative
agatttccctctttgcctctacaTCCTAAGGAGTTTAAACTTTAAAGGTTTGGGGAAAAGAATAATGAGATCAGATTTATACAATCAATTGAAAGAGACACTAGAGATAGGAAGACAAGTCCAGGGCAGTGACGGTAGTCTCTGATTTtaaaatgttattgatagaaaagactcaataaatctgtgttagtctattttcatacggctataaagaactacctgagactgagtgatttatgaaagaatgaggtttaattgactcagttctacatggctgaggaggcctcaggaaacttacaatcagggcggaagacaaaggggaagcaggtattttcttctcaaggcagcagaagagagagaatgaaagggtaagtaccacttttaaaccaccagatcttgtgaaaactcactcactatcatgaaacagcatggggaaaactgcccccgtgatccaaggtccctcccttgacacatggggattgcaattgagatgagatttgggcggggacacagtcaaccatatcgaaatccctactagtcgatccatttattttaaaaattaaaaaataaaaactgaggtctagatagggatactgattgaaccacatttaaccaactcatcatggtaaatcggaactagaacccaACTTACGGGTCAAATTCAAAAAAGGAAATATCAGGGGATTAACACAAGGAACTGGATGGAGAAAGCCCTGTGAGAGTAGAAGTAGTATGCCTCATGGGCTAACTGAATATGGGGAATGACAGATGGAAGAGTCCAAAGGGACTCAGAGCTCATGAATCCTTCACCTCTCTTCCAGAGCTCTCTGCCCACCTGAGAGCCTTCACATTCACTGTCCATGTTTGTGCTGTCCTCCAGCCACCTTCCTCTCACCCCCTCAGCCCACATGTTCTTTCCTGATCTGCAACTCAAAGGTCTTCTCTGGCCCCTTCCTCTCCACACTCCtgtactaattttctattgctatgtaaaaaactgccacaaactccgtgctttaaaacaacatcgacttttttagttcacagttctgtagatcagaagtccagcacagcatagttacattctctgagacctctcagggatcacggggttgaaatccaggtgaggccaggctaaattctcatctggaagccctagagaaaactctgcttctgagttcattcttcttgttggcagaattcagacccttgtggttgtaaaactgaggtcccttgcctggctaggtgtcagccaggagctaatcagctcttaaagtcaccctagtccttgtcactcagcctcgtccattttcaggccattctcatgcagggaatctccagatttcttcatcttcaacctctagacccagatttgaagggctcttctggtaaggtcagatccatcggggactctctctaacttaaggtcaacagtgtcatctaacaaaatgtaaacattgaaataaaatccatcatactcacaggcttggggagtaggca
>Human| chr9:94706215-94707714 | element 200244 | negative
aacatcacactcaatgttaaaagactgaaagcttttcctccaagatcaggaacaagacaagaatgcccattttcacctcttctattcaacacagtacagtcatgcgttgctcaacgatgacgatacattctgggaaatgtgtccctgggcaatttcatcatcatatgaacatcatagagtgtccctcacacaaactgcacacctaggctatgtggtgtagcctacttctcctaggctacaacaaacctatacagcatgtggctgtactgaatactgtaggcaactgtaacaggatgggaagcatttgtgtatctaaccatataaaaggcacagtcatatacagtagtgttatcttatgggaccactgtcatataggtggtccatcgtctgaaaacatcattatttggcccatgactgtattggaagttccaggctgagcaattaggcaagaccaaaaataataaaaggcatccaaattgtaaaggaagaagtaaaattatgcctatttgtagatgatacgactttacatacagaataagagctacaaaaatgctatttgagctaataagcaaattccacaagcttgcaggttagaaaatcaacacacaaaaatgttacatttctgtgcactaacagtgggcaatgtgaaaaggaaatttaaaaaacacaattccaattacaacagctcgaaaagaataaaatactcaggaatagatttaacttaagaggcaaaagactcatacactaaaaactaaaaaacattgctgaaagaaatgaaaggtctaaataaatgttaagacatcctgtgtttatggacaggaagacaatactgttaagatgatggccagtgaggtggctcatgcctacgatcccaggactggggtgggggtggggaatcccttcagcccaggagttcaagaccagcctgggcaacacaagtggacctccatctctacgaaaaaaaatcaaagaattagccaggcacggtagcgcgtgcctgtggttccagctacttcagaggctaagatgggaggataacttgagcccaggaggtagaggcttagcccaggaggttaaggccagaggtagtgagccgtgtttgcaccactgcactccagcctgggtgacagagcaagaccttaactcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagttaatactactcagatccatctaccaattcaatgcaacctctactaaaatcccagtgacatttttGCAtagcaatttgtggctactgacacctgaaatgaagccagtgaaggggaggaagtgaatctttaatttcttttaattttaattaattttaacttatatagctgtgtgtgcctggtggctactatattccacagcacaAGCCTACAATGAGGAGTTCAGGCCTAAACATTTCCTTATTTTAACTGCCCATTGTGTTAACTATCCCTCCAGGAGGGTGTGGAAACCATTAGGCTAGGAGTATTTGGGATTTAGGGGAACCCTCCCCCACTCCA
>Human| chr5:95762080-95763579 | element 200245 | negative
ACAGGTAGAAATTGCAAATATTTTATAAAGTAAGAATGGTGCTGTATCCATGCAAATTTGAAACTCCCTCCCCTGTGCTTCGACCTCTGCTTAAAAGTATTTAATATGAGACACAGATCCTGGGTGATGAATGAGCACTACTGACCACGCACACTTACCATTAATTCAGTCTCATGTATTATGCAAAGAGATCTGACAATACGAAAATTACCTGCCCCATATTTACAGCATAATACTATTATACTTGAAGCCCTGAGAGAGTGAGGGGCTGCCTTGTAGTTATATTCATTATGAGATAATTCTATACTCTTATTTTTCTTGGCAATATGACTATTTCCTACCCCAAACACATCTTTTCTGCTGTATGCATGATGACAATTCAGTGTGTGGTGGAATATTGTTAATGTGAGAGTACTCATGAATCAGCTCCAAAAATAAAAACCGAAAAATAATTTGCAACTGAAGGATAAAACCATCCACTAAGACTGCCCTCAATTTTCAATTAAAAATATACTGCAAACCTATTAAAAATAATGGGAAGAACCTGAAAGCTAGAAATTAGTCACTATGATTTATTTTTAAAGTGCTTGTATTTTCAAGCTTAATTGTTTTGGCTTAAAATACCTCAATGCTTGGAATGCTGCCTATCATCTGAGTTGATCTCTGGAAGCTGACTGCTAGGGAATAAGTACTAATCTTTGAGGTAGAGGGTCACTTACACTTGGAGATTTTATTAACAGACTTGTAAAGATAGACTGTTGCTGCATTTCACAGGGCTGATTTGAAAGAATATTATCCTCCATCAAAAAAGAGCAATAAAATGAAAACCAAGAGCAATTTTTTGGAAATGGGATATAAGAGGAGGCACTCTGCCGTCTGATCAGATAAACATCCAATTGTAGAAAACAGTGTTATGATTAATGTCATTAACTCAGAATCATGTATTAATCTCTAGAAGAGCAGGCTGAATGGTATAGAGGAAAATTGGTAGTGTCTTTCTATTATGCATTATAGGTATCATGTACTTAATTATAAATAATACTTTTGATCtggaaagagcattgaagatcatctaattcaaccttccaatgcaagTTTCTATGGTTCCAGAATGTTTCCTAAAATAAAATTATTCTTGGGCTAATTTTTTACAAAGTTATACCTGTGCTGGAGAAGGAATTCTTAGCATTTTTTCATAATGTCTTGAGATTCCACCCCTCCCCCACCAAATCAGCTATCAAGGGGATGTATAAAGAGTAGAATGGGCCATCTTCATTGTCATGAGATACTTTGAGTAAGAATAACAGTTAGGTATGCTCTATTCTGTCCAATTTTCTCCTATGAAAGTGAGAAGGCAGGTCAGTTTGAGTTCTATGTGCATTAATGGGCATGCAGTTTGGGCATGCATTTAGGCAAAGAAGGAAATCTCTCTTCTGCTTAGCCCGGGGACTAAGCCTAGCCAGAGTGCTAGAAGTTATTCTGCTTTTCAGAGCCCACACA
>Human| chr11:12487870-12489369 | element 200246 | negative
tgagacggagtcttgctctgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcctgatctcagctcactgcaacctctgcctcttgagttcaagcaattcttctgtctcagcctcccaagtagctgggactacaggcatgcgccaccatgcctggctaatttttgtatttttagtgagacggggtttcactatgttggccaggctggtctcaaactcctgaccttgtgatccgcccgcctcggccacccagagtgctgagattacaggcataagccaccacgcccggcctgtagagtagaagtattaataaagcccaactcaccaagttttctttcattgattatccttttggtgttgtatctaaaaactcattatccaaccgtaggtcacacagattttctgttttttttttctagaagttttatagtattgtgttttaacttaggtctgtgatcattttaaCAAttgatgattgtatgtttttagtagtcttgaagtatggtagtgttcgtcctccaacttcgttattcttccatattttgttggctactctaggtctctcgcctttttgtgtaaactttagaatcagtttgtcaatatccacaaaatagctttctgtgattttgactgagattaacattgaatctatagatgaagttggaaagaattgaaatcttaagttttccagtccatgaacactgaatatctcttcctttatttagatcatctgggttttataatcttctgcatatcagaagatatagtgtgcccattattttagatttatacccaagtattgcattttttgtgctactataaatgatactgtgtttttaattttaaatttcaaccattcagtgctagtatataggaagcaattgatttttgtaaattagccttgtatcctgcaaccttgccagaattgcttattctaggaattttaggggtgaggagcattggtgttttgtttgtttgttttatggttgattctttagaaatatcaccggcaaacaaagacaatttcttccttcccaatctgtataccttttattttcttctcttgtgttattgtactaagatttctagtataattttgaataggcatggtgagaggagacatccttgacttgttcccatttttaggggcaaagcatccaatttctcaacataatgtatgatgttaggctgtagggtttaatttttttgttgttgttgttGTAGATGTTCTTTCAGATTGATTTTTCACATAGAGAAACATTGCTGGGACTTGCTGACCAGACAATATAGTTGTCTTTAGCTGCCAAGAGCTTCTGTATAGGCCCTGGAACTATTTAGAAATTAAGGGAGCTTTAATAACTTTCAAGGGGACTAGAAATTAATAATCAGAGTTCTGATAAGGATCTAGAGCAGCCTAAACATCTCACTGGGGCCCACTGGCCCTGAAGGAGAAAGAACATCCTGGTTCTTTTCTTGCCCTCTCTCAGAATGGTTTTTTGCAAGTACAGATA
>Human| chr2:202088134-202089633 | element 200247 | negative
AAAGTGCTAAGTGACTTACTGAAGCCTCGAAGCCATTTCTGGAGGATTTGCAATTCTTTGTATCTCTGGATTTGCTGCCCTGTccctccaagccacctggtttcacttttggacagctttaagtgttctcttctctgttctctgtttctgccttcttagaaactatttaaaaccactcattttcattctaaactccggagccataccaaacaactgtaactgtcctctGGTGAGATTTGCGTTGTATGTGACAAATCTTTTAACTTTTTTCTGTTAGGGTTTCAGTTTTGTTGGAAGTCTGCAGTTTGCTCTTAAGGATGTGATAAGAATGTAACAACACATTTGTATCTTTGAATTTTGAATAGGAACCAAATTTTTAAATTTAGTTTAGttttgttttgtttgagacagagtctcactgtgtcacccaggctggagtacagtgatatcatcttggctaactgcagcctctgcctcctgtgctcaactgatcctcccacctgaacctcctgagtggcagctggggctacaggcAGGTGTTTTTTAAAAATGGAACTCttttctttttttttttttttgagacggagtcttgctatgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggctcgatcttggctcactgcaagctctgcctcccaggttcatgccattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggactatgggcgcccgctaccacgcccagctaattttttatatttttagtagagacagggtttcaccatgttagccaggatggtctcaatctcctgacctcgtgatccgcccgccttggccttccaaagtgctgggattacaagcgtgagccaccgtgcctggccAAAAAAAAATGGAACTCTTAATACATTAGAAAAAAAATGAAATCCCTTTTAAAAAGCACTAGAGGAAATTCTGTGTTTAAAGATTTACTTATTTGGCAATGCAAACAACTGTTTATTTCCTAACATAACTTTTGCAAATCTGaatttttatgaaaagatttttaaattaaaaattttaaattgtactaatttttactttttaagtaattttGAGTAGGTAATATTTTTATAAAGATATTTGTATGGTTTGAAGATAAGAAAATTAAAGGTGTTCAAGAAGAGTTTTGCCCCCAGTTCTGTCCACTGTATACCCAGTCCTCCCCACTTCTGCATACATATTTCAGACAGGTATTTCTTGGAAGAAAGAACATATGCTGTGAAACTTACATGTCTCAGTAGGTCTCATTTTAAGTGATTCTGTAAAATGCCTGGGAAATACTGGTGAAATTCTAGAATGGAAATAACTTTGTGAGATTTTGAGCTGAGTACTGGTAAATAGTAGAAATGGACTTACTAATAAATAAGGGAATTTTATTTGATAACttttttctgattacatagtaatgtatgttcattatggaatatttgggaaatacaaaaacacaccaagaaaaaagtatatttatttataattctaTTTT
>Human| chr11:109408774-109410273 | element 200248 | negative
gtttgagtattaagtgtcttgaggtagtcttattttggttaaatctgcttggtgttctttctgtactcattatatctttctctaggtttgggaagttctctgtttttacccctttgaattaactttctaccacaacttttctttctagctcccctttagggccaataactcttagaattgcccttttgaggctatattctagaccctgtaggcatgcctcgttcttcttttttcttttgtctcctctgactgtgtattttcagatagcctatcttcaaacttgctagttcttttttctgcttgatcaattgtgcccttgagaggctctgatgcattctttaatatgtcaattgaatttctcagctctagaatttctcctggattctttttaattattttaatctctttgttaaatttatctgacaggattctgaattcctctgtgttatcttgaattttgttggactttctcaaaacaactattttgaattctctgtctgaaaggtcacaaatctctgtcactctaagattagttactggtaccttagtttgtttgataaggtcatattttcctgtatgcttgtggatattatttgatgtcttggcattgaatccttaggtatttattgtagttttcagtctgggcttgtttgtacccatccttcttgggaaggatttccaagtactcaaagggaattgagtgttgtgatttaaatctttggtcactgaagccatatgtgcagtaggggacacccacgcccagcagcaccgtgactcttgaaggcttgtagagttaccaccttgattgatcttgggtgtgatctgggagaattccctgtattatccaaaagagtattcttgttctcttccctaactttctcccaaacaaatagagtatctctgtgctgaactgcctggagcagcagaagaggtgacacaagcacctctgtagcccccacaactgtgaccgtgctcagtcagacctgaagtacatcactgggtcgcatccaaggcctgcagtgagcactgcctgattaccactgatgtttactgaaggaccaagggcttttcagtcagcaggtcatgaatctagccaggcttgtgtccttcctttcagggtggcaagctcctcctcggtccaggggaggtccagaaatgctgcatgcgagctagggcctggagtggggaatcttaggaatctacttggtgtgctctattctactgagacagctcgcacccaagccataagacaaagtcctttccactcttccctctcctttccttatgcagaagaagtctcttcccacagccaccacagctccaggcccacagttaagtactacttggctactcaaggcccaagggctcttcagtcagcttgtggtgaatgctgccaggcctgtatctctcccttcatggcagtgggtttccctctggcccagattgggtccagaaatgccatccagaagccaaggcctagaactggggaatccaggagcc
>Human| chr6:143135147-143136646 | element 200249 | negative
gtgaaaaataattttacaccagatctatggtcaaatatggacaaagcactagcaagcagaagcaaggagatgactaagtgtgctggtgagagggatatgggaacacagtaagaaaaacttcatactggagatgatcttttatgtcttgaaacatgtgcagaagttcatctaatagagaaattgaaatgtgacatcagaggcagaggaaatagcaactgtaaatgcaccaaagcataaagaaaccaggtatattctgggaataaataaatgttggtattactaatgtataCCCTAAAGCACtgggaagtcatcaaaaatttctaagtttgggaatgacatgattagatttgtcttttagagaaacaactttggaaccagtgtggagaatggtggggagttgagtggagacttcgggcaaggacatcagtcaagagttgactgcaatagttcagggagatatgatgaagaactgaattgggcagaggtggtgggttggaggaggctgattacagagatatttaagaagaagaattgacagaatttgggaatcggttatatgtgtcagtgtgatgagaaggtgagaaaggagtgaagggtgagtccaaggttctagcttggatgtctatagtgatagtggggctttgcatggaaagaaggtaggacaaacaagtcttgagggaaaagtatgattgtaaacatgtctaatttgaagtttctttgggctatttatgcagagatatctagtatatagtgtatagaagtaggaaactagagcttctactacagaatagtagtcaaagaaatcaaagtagataaaacactcagtctttgcaaagtatatggagtaacaagggaaatgagaaagtcttgcttagttcattttgttctactataacagaataccacagactgggtaatttataacaagcagaaattttttgctcatggttctggaaactaggaagtctaagatcaagccatggccttcttgctgcaacagcccatggtggaagggcaaagacagacaagagaccgcacaagagagggacaaagggggctaactaatccttttataaggagctcactcccaagataacaaacccactttctcaataacagcattaatccattcatgaaggcgtggcctaatcacctctccttaggtctcaacactgttgcactggggattaagtttccaatacttgctctttgggggggacacattcaaactacagcaaagccctctgacagaacaccgcactgcaacatttaataaggctgattgggggacagaatcaatgatggagactgaggagtaatcgggcaagtagcagagaaaccaggggcaattggagtcaagaaatccaagggagtagaatatttcaaggaggagaaagttcaaacacaatagaaaagtcacattaaatgagaaaattttaaatgtctactgaaattgccaattgatagatcattgaggccttttacatgaataattccagg
>Human| chr2:80432660-80434159 | element 200250 | negative
CTGAAAACTGAATTAAATGAAACAATTTTCTTCTTTAGCAGGAATATATTTCAATCAGCAAATGACCACACACATTTAACACTGTGTCATCCTGAGGTTGATATTGGATGCTCATGAGTTTCTTTTTTGTTTGCTTTTGGTGTTAACTTACTGCCTCTCTTGCGGTTTTCCAGATTGCTAAACCTTCTCTATTGAAACTCTTCTGTATGTCTTAAGGTACTCCTCAAATAGAAGGTGACTGCGATTGTTTCAAAAGAGAAAATTGTTTCTCATGTCAGCAGTATTTTATTTCTTTGTAATCCAAGAAAAAAGAGATACTTGTTTAAAAATCCAAAGTTCTGACATCTTGAATATAACAACTGACACTAAAAGTTTTTTAAATTGATTCAGGACAATGCATTTAAAACATATTTATAAAGCACTTTATATAGATCATCAAGTGACTTTAGATATAGCCTTTCACATTACAATGAATTATATTTTGTTCAGCTTTCTTGTCATGGTAATCCATTTCATGTGTTTTCTTTTCACAGCTGCCATAATACTCTGACTCACCATTGCCTTTTTTCCATAATTATCAGCATATTCTCCTTAATCATATGGAAATCTATTATTATTTTTGTCTCACGGCATTACAGAATGTAGACCTGAACTTTTCCGACCATGTCACTACAGATTAAGATGTGGATTCTTTAGAATAGAATGTGTATTTTTAGAACACCATTGTGTTCCCAACCCTTATGTAAACATCACTATCATGTAGACCCCAAGGAATCCTTGATTTCAGGCATAGCCTTGCTGGGGAGAGGTACTCACACACAGTGGGATTAGAACAATTTGAAGCCTATGCATTATTTGGGGCTAAACTGAATATATGACTTGCACATATAGGGAAGATCCTTGTATTTGTAAGATGCTATCACATCACATCCAATGTTCTTTAACAAGACATGATCAATTTTGAAATTCAAGTGTTTAATAAGCTTCTGTGGAGAAGCAACAAAAACACAGTTTTGCATGGTGAAAAGAGAGAAGAGGTATCTACATATAGTGCGGGCAGGGAGAAGCGAGTGCATTCTATGTTCCTGTTCTATCATCTGTGTTACCTGCATCTTGTACTCATTCTGATTCTGGTTGTCCCTCCCTCCCCTACATCTCCCACTCTGAGGTGGTGTTTTGAATGCTCTTGAAAGTCTGTCACATTTGCTTGATATGGTTTTGGCCTGAAAACATTAGAATTGATAAACCAATTTGTTTTTTTATGAATCACTAATAATTTGAGCATGATAGATTTCCTCTAAATGCAGAGCTCATTCTTTCATGGCCATCTGATGTATTAACAGAAGCTGGTCTGGAGAAAGGCTGAGGCTTCCTCCTTAAGCATGTTCCCAGTGCCAACTGATAAGCAATTAGAAAAAGCAGAGCTGGCATCTGAAGGCTCCTGTGTTCTAGGGTGGGCATCTCAATATCTGATTCTCATTCCATCGTATTcatttctgg
>Human| chr11:36419249-36420748 | element 200251 | negative
gcctgccttggccgggattacagacgtgagtgactgtgcctggccTAGCCAATGCCTTCTTAATTCTTTTCCTTCATCTTTTTCtttcttttctttctttttttgtttttttttgagacgagtttcgctcttgttgcccaggctatagtgcaatggcacgatctcggatcaccgcaacctctgcctctcaggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagccccccgagtcgccgggattaaaggcatgcgcccccatgcccggctcattttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttctccatgttggtcaggctggtctcgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccacccacctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattccaggcTAAGCAGtgagcttagtcttgaggatatagaggtgaataaagcccgatgcctgtcttcaaggaatttgcagAATGGCCTAGGTGGGAGCTGGGGAACATGCTCAAACAGGTGTCGGGGAATAGCTCTCACAGTCCTGGCTCTCTTCCTGCCTCGAGCACCTTGGATGTGTTTCTTTGCTTCTTTGCTATACCTTTGTCATCTGTCAATGGGACCTGGACTGGCCCCACTCCGAGGCCCCATCTGTTCTGTCATTTTCTGACTTGTCAGATATAGGTCAGGACAGGCCCGCGCCTGCCGGGCCAGCGCTGTAGCAGGTGAACCCAGGGTGTATCAGCGTTTCCCTTTAGGCCACTCTTGTCAATGCTCCCAACGGCCTCCTCCTTCCTCCCTGTGCTGCTCTGGGGAGGTCTCTTGGCTCTGCCCGGCAGTAGGAACAGTGGAGACAAAGACAGCTTCACATTCTCTTCAGCTGTCAGGATTGAGAGTGGCGGATTCGGGAGGAGAAAAATGAGTCAGTGGCAACTCGTTGTGTGTGACTGTGCAGTTTATCTGAGTCCGCGGGAGCCATAGTCGTAGGCTGAAAATGACCCTTATTTAAGAGAGGCTGAGTGCGTGGTTGTGGCTGCCCAGGCGCTTTGCTGGACTAGGCAGCCTGGGAACACTAACTGAGAAGTGGACGGGGACAGGAGCCAGCCTGCGGTCCTCAGTGTCTTACAGTTTCCTGGAGAAGTGGATGTTTCGGCAGGAAGATGGTGGGTAAACACCTGGAACGATCCATTCTGCTCACTTTTCTACTTCCCTGTACCAGTGCCATGGAATGAGAGGCAGCTCCATTAACTCGTTTAAGATCCTCATAAAGGGAGTTAATATCCTGTAATTACACAGGTGAATTGCATTTAGCAGGTCCATTTGAAGAATGGCAGCGAAATGGATCCTGTCTTAGTAGTGTGACCTTTACTGGGTGAGTTAAATCCCAAAGCTAGCCAATTTAAGGATATGGAAGGACCTTCTGTGGCTTTATTTCTTCATCACCTCATTTTTTGGTTTGTGTAGATCTTTCCACGTTGCAGTGGCATTTATGAAGCTGCTGAGGCCTTCTGAAACTTGACAGCCTGTTATGCTTC
>Human| chr9:112266499-112267998 | element 200252 | negative
gaagctggtgagcaagggagaaagctgcaggagatggagtcagagaggtatcaggcaccagacccgtagGGCCCTCCCTTCATCCTCTAGTCCCAAGAAGGACAGCCTTTCAGTCTCAGCTGGACAGGGAGCCAAGCCAACCTCATGGCTGCCAGATGTGCTTGTCAGCTCATCAAAAAGTAAATTCTTTCCCTTGGGGTGGTCAGTTGATGCCAGTTTGGTGGTAAACACAGATTCAAATAAGGGAACCAAAATTATATAGCAGCCCTCCGCTATAAGGGGGTCAGCCAGACAGTCCAGATTATGCATATATTTTTAATATTATCATAGAGATGGAAAGATGACATTAAACAATAAACTCAGATGATTCCCAGACCTTCAAGGACACTTGTGGGAACCCTCAAGGATGGAGGGAGTTTGAAAAACACTCTTTGGGTGTCCACACTGTAAAACTGACAGAGGACCATACTGTAATGGACCTGTGAACCACCATGTGGATTTGCTACCACATGGGAAAACAGAAACGTAAGTGTAGGGACTTTAAGATCCTTCTCTGGAAACTCAGATCATTGAGGATGCTTCCATCAACAGAAGCTGAGACGATGAGACATGCAGAGAGTGGAAGATGGCGTCCTGAACTGCAGCTGACCGAAACAATCGCCTTCCCTGAAAGGGGTGGTGTCATCTTACAAAACCCAGGGAAAATGGGTTTGTCAGAAGTCTCTCAACCACAGCCTCAAAGTTCATATACTGAAAACAAAGAGAGAGGAAAACACCTAGGTAATGTAGAATAGTCATACAGTGGTCATGGCTTTGAAAAACCAGCAGTGATGAAGGAAATACTCAGTAATCCCTAATAGAGGATTCTAGGGAGGAGAGTCAGTAATAATAGTGAAGGcagtgtttctggaagtgtgatccaggagccatgtagatcacagccaccaggtcaccatgggggaagaagtctgtgtggaaaaccagactcctgacctgagccatgaaccttctgaatctctgggtgtggcacccaagaacctgcattttataatttactatagtaatTAttttggtatagagtcttgctctgtcacccagactggagtatagtgatgtgtccatggttcactgcagcttccacttcctgggctcaagtgatcttcctgcctcagcctctggagtagctgggactagaggcgcatgccaccacacctggctaattttttttgtttgtgtctttgtttagatgaggtcttgctattttggccaggctggtctcaaactcctgggctcaaacaatcctactgccttggcctcccaaagtgttgggattacaggcgtgagccactgcacccagccTATAAGAATCTTTTGTACACCAAAGTTTTATTAACTTCTGTCCTATGACCTCCAATATACGTACACCAAGAACATAGTCTGAGTAATAAACTAAAGGATGGGAAATTTTACTAATGGTCTTCTAGGTATTACTGATGCTTG
>Human| chr13:89069805-89071304 | element 200253 | negative
AAAAACAACAATACTTTTTCTGGTGAAATTTCTTTGTGCCCAACTATCACAATATTATTTTTGTTTAACTTTTTTCTAAACTGCCCCTCAAGAAGACCACATTTATTTATATACCAGCTGTATTTTAATTAACCATATGAATATAAAACTCTATGGTTAGGAGAAATGGATGCCCCTAGTTGCTCTGATGGCTTTCAGCAGTAATATGTTCAAATAAACTATGCAGTGAAGGTATGTTTTTATTAATCAATTAGATTTTCATTGAAATAAATTTGTTTTGAATGAGCATGGATATTGTTATAAGGAATTCTAATGATGATCAATATTTAACTTTGACTTCTCAACAAGAAAATCTATGCCTTATTATATAATATTTCCTTCGTAATAAATTCAAAATGTCATTCATTTCTCACTTAGCTTTGAGTGTTGCCAGGTATGAGGAAATTTGCTGACTTAGGTAATAACAGTTCACTGTATTTGAGTCAAGTAATTGATAACTAGGAGAACTATTGGCTACACTGGATATTAAAATTTCTTTAATGACCCATCAACTGTAGTTTGCCTGTGCAGAGTTTCAAATCATATAATTTTTTAACAAGGAAAAAACACAGCTTCAACTGAAAGTCAAATTTGGGTTCTGAAGCATATCTTGATCATATTTTTGCAATTAAATTAATATGCTGCTGTATTGCTATATGTAATTATATATCTTTTCAGTTTTGATTTGATGATTATTTTCTTTCTGCTATTAACAAAGCTTCAAATTTCCCCACTTTATAGTGGTAGCACTAATTGAAAATAGCAGTGCAAGACCTATATTAGTTTGAGAAAATGAAAACATCGCTGAGATATTATTGACTTTTAGACTGAATGAAATATATTGTGAAGATTTGTATTATATTGTTCACATGATACATGAAACCTGTTTTGTATTATCTCAGTTAAAATCAAACATATGTGTAATATAACTTGTTGAAAATGCAAATGTAATTGTCCAAGACAATGTCATCTAAAGAACATATCTATTCATTGTATTTTGAAAATACAATGAATAAATCTGTCAATTATATAGTGCCTCAAACCATAAATGTTATTTAAATATGGATTAAGAAACTAAGAGGATTTCCAGATTAAGATCCAAGAGCTATTTATGTGTTGTGAAGACATGAGGAGTTACTTACTTTAAGTTTGTTTCAAGTTTGTCAGCCAGGGTCCACATGCAGAGTAGAAAGCACCCTAGATTTTAAATGGAATTAAATTTAATTAGTATTTTAAGGTAGCTCAAGATGTAATTTTTAGAACaaatttttaatttttatttttCTACAAGAAATAAAACAGTTATTggcaaactaatatgccaattgacaaatccaggaaagaaagaaaataaaaatactccttgaaacccatcaggaaactacggaatcaaagtatagaaaatggggctaaaatttcagaaaaaaattgttctcagggaaagttgctaatgatctatgg
>Human| chr11:112284223-112285722 | element 200254 | negative
tgcctacaattatgtgagagagcttagaaatagattctcccctagtcaagctttcagttgacaccatagccccagctggccccttgactgcagccttgtgagagatcttgaagctgaggcacctaactaagccacatctggattctgggcccatatgaatagtgaaacaataagtgtttaatgttttaagttgctaggtttgggatacttttaaaatacagcaatagataccaaatataggttttggtaccatcagtggagtgatgctattaaaaaaataccaaaaagtgtgaagtggctttctgactgaccagtaaatgaaggctgggaagactttttgatgtatatattagaggaaacctaagttaagctgaacagactgttaCATTattattgtttgcagtaatgtggaaagtaggaaatgtacccaatcacccatttgggtgatttagcttaggagatttccaagcaaagcattgaaggtgctgtctgatttcttcttgctgcttggggtaaaatgcaagaggacagagataaattgaagaaagtactgataaacagcagccaggaattgatgaatttgaaaattcccagtctggctagatggcaaacactgctgtatttcagaaatgccttctcagcaaagataaaatccagggcatttccaagatcttcccccagttgggccttcagataagactgcagccccagctgacatcttgttgcagccttcagagaaacctttaggtggaagcatgaagctaagtcctgtccagattcccaacccagagactatgagacaatatttaagttacttagtttggaagtaatttttagtgcaacaataaataatgaatTATATTGTAGTAATTATTATTTACGCAGCAAGAAGAATGTCCACCTTCCATTATGGCAAAgtaaaacagacagtctctgtatcaagaatataaggcagttgaagatggtataactatactgaaatagggagattgggtaaaagttaatacactgaatattgtacctctaagatttttttctgagaaacttgaccaattcaagggaaagatctaaggaaactaatatcaggggttccttaaggataggatacccagatctactgtttatctattgtaaagaccaaggttgacaggccccagccatcaacacggagcttccaatccatgctttagcatgccacttttaaatatgaatagatgcccaaatatttgaggaaagcacataaaatggaagacataaaccaagacaaataaagtcattgtgggagaagtgaaaacagtataagaagaaaacttcaaagaaatctatcgaaatgcccagagacataagagaagatagggcagccccaaaccagaatagtctgctatgaagaaggaatacataaggatgacaaacatctcttggaaatttaatatttggtagcaaaaacaaaatgctcaataatagggtccaaaggctgtatgatcaattatgacagggttt
>Human| chr4:27504562-27506061 | element 200255 | negative
tagacccacatgggaagccaggctgtaatgagaagtttgctgttgaatatggaatcaagattaagcacacaaaacgattgaagttttaatggcatctggcaaaaattaccataatactcaaggtaaattgaccacaactgcttacagtcatggtcacacaaaaggagaaactcattctctctttttgtacaagaatgggccctttcaaacttgcctctgtgatactgcttttgttagcaatcgacaatgatcacagtcatcttcattgacaactgcctttatatttgtgtgcagtcagattataatagaatctggttgatttaggggacatactatctcttgaaagcaactttgcctgtatgttccgctccattttgGTATGTAGTTTTAATTTTACAATAAAAACGTTACAATTAAAAAGATAACTTTTTCATAAACTTGGAAGGCCCACCTTCTCACAGTATAATGGGTTTCTGGACCCATTTCCCACTTGAAATTACAGAGATCTGGGATAGAGAGTGAAGACATTTAGAATGTGTGCTTTCTTTCATTCATCGGTTTACTTATCATATCAATACCTTTCATGGTTTTTTTATGTTGGTATTCAACTAAATTTAAGTGAATGCATTACATTCTCTACTATTTTCTGCTAACTGATTACTTGTGTCTCAGAAATGTATATAAACTTAAAGAGCTTCTAAAAAATACAGAAAATATCAGAAAAATCTGATAGACATAGATGCCTTAGAACTTCCAAAGCCATTGTAGAGTCATTTCGGACAAAATATCTAATTTTTCATTCAGATGACGAATTTGttaaaataattattttttaaaaaattaaaCATACATAACTTTATTGTGCAAATAATCGTTTTAAATATTATCATATTATTACttttattatatgttattatactattatatagtaatatattatatatataacaatatattattattactatatatcaaagaactaatatatatattactttttctatatatatagtaaaaggaataacatgatttatatatacattacttttactacatatatataatatatatatGTACGTTACTTTTACTACATATAATAATTACTACATATAATGATTTTGCTTATCAGGGCCCCATCCTCATATTTAAGATCAGATGACTTTCTATATACATAAGTATATATATCTCTCAATTATGGGACAACTTCCTTTGACCCTTTGTGGTTAGTGATTACTTCCAAGAAGACTCTAAAAGTCTTTTGAACAGCAAAGAGAGTAATAATTTTTTATGGAAGACCATTGATCAGAGACATTATACGTAGAGTATTATGATAATTATTTTCATTTACTTATTTTTTAATGTACTCAATTCATCTTGATTGCCTCCTCTGTTCCAGGCTCTATGGTAGGTGTTAGAActgcactgtccaataagggagtctacatgtgactacaggcacctgaaccatggtgatgcaaccaaggaaatgatttttttatt
>Human| chr8:15359909-15361408 | element 200256 | negative
gcaaccatcaggactagattgacacttctttttattagagctcctatgtcggattatcatttcccggatccaatatatatattttcttgtttgtttgtttgtttgtttgagacggagtctcgctctgtcgcctgggctggagtgcagtggcgcgatctccgctcactgcaagctccacctcctgggttcacaccattgtcctgtctcagcctcccaagtagctgggactacaggaacccaccaccacacctggctactttttttgtatttttagtagagtcagggtttcaccgtgttagccaggatggtcttgatctcctgacctcgtgatccccctgccttggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagctaccacagcaggtcccttagatcccatatttttatcaatcttttctttatcctacattttgcagaagctcatctttgagtgccttcccaaaaagaatgccagtgagttactcattttactccttacatgtttgacgaagtctttattctattttttatttgatcagtaatttggctgaacttagaaaccttatgattttaaaggtattttacttacagggttagagaaatttaaaccattctgagacccatccttgtgtgaaaccagttacgggtttatgtccactttcccgccatttatatgctgaagtcttaaatccccagaacctcggaatgtgagtgtatttggagggttgggtcttcaaagaggtaattatattaaaatgagattattacggtgggccttaatctaacatgacagatgtggacacaaatacatacagaggaaagacagtgggaagacacaaggacaatatggccatctacaagccaaggagagaggcctcagaagaaactaaccctgccgcctcctgtatcttagacttgtaggcttcagaactgtgagaaaataaattcttgtttgagccaccccgtctgtggcactgtgctatggcagccctggaaaactaatacttgacatactttttttttctggatacttctaggaccttcttcttctgccctatgatctgaaatttctcaataatatgTATTTTCAATTTAAGTAGGCTTTGCTTCCTTcaacttaatgagaccctatctctagaaaaaattaaaaattagccagacatggtggctcacacctgtagccccagctactcacaaggctaagaaggggggattgcttgagcccaggaattcgaggttgcagtaagctacgttcgtaccactccactccagcctgggtaacagagtgaaatcttgtgtcttaaacaaaaaaaTATCggccagccacaatggctcatgcctgtaattccggcactttgggatcctgaggcgggtgaatcacttgaggccaggagtttgagactagcctgggcagcatggcaaaacccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaatggtaatggctccacagctgggtgtggtggtgcacacctgtaatccta
>Human| chr12:5489003-5490502 | element 200257 | negative
CTCAGGCCTGGCTGCCCTGGGTCAGCCCTAGGGCACCAACTGGACAGGGCCAGGCTTGGCTAGAGTCCAGCAGAATGCCTTTGCCCTGACTGCCCACCTGTTCTGTGACTGAAGCCAGCACTAAACTTAGCCATGGTGACTCATGGATATAGGGCTGCCCCAGGCCTCACAAGTCATCCTAACAACCCACCTGGCTGCAGTCAGCTACTCTCTCCCTCCCTCCCCCATCATCCCTGGGAAACGTGGCCCAGTCAGCCCTGGGCCAGGCCCTGGGGAGCAGGGCTAGAAGGCGGAGCTCACAGGGGCAGCACCCCCATGTAGACACTCTATTCCCCCAAGTCATAGTGCCAAAAGCAGAGGTGCTCACAAAAGTCATGGCGCAAATGCTCAGAGCCTCCTGCGGGGAATCACTTCTCATGGGAATGGTGGTGCTGATTAGTCACAGTGAAAAGGGGAGGGGACGGCATATGGGGCATGACGGAAATACTTAGTAAGGGCTGTACAGTTGTTCGTCCAGTGTTTCAGTTCTGCATTCAATGCATCTTCTCCGTGCTCCTCAGCATTTGCAGGGTGGCAGAGCAAAATCTCAAACAAAGAGAGGCCACGACTCCTTAAGTCAGAAACTAGACATTTATTCTGGTTCAATTCACTGCCAAGTGAAGTGGAGCTTCACCACTTCATACACTCACATGAGCCGCACAAAgaggagctggcaagtggtctagcctgggtgcaagcaataagagggttcatcagcagcagagaatttaaaaataatgacaaaatgaatgaatttttggcctgtcttttattatcacaatgagctaaaaatcctaaagatgtcagtgataaaacaatccttcccTCTGGGGTGGACGGCTCCCTCAGCTCTCTAGCCCACGTTGATATGCCACTGAACCACACTTTTCACTAATTCATGCTTTCTTTAATACATTCAGCCAGTTGGttattcatacagcaaacatttctggagcgtattctatgggaaagacattgtgcactaagctgcggaaacagacatgacccactctctctggacatccatcggcagctcaGTCTCACTTCTCCAGGCTGTTGCCCCTCCCTTGCACTGTTTTGCCCTGAATTCTCCAAGCCAGAACTGACTCTGAGCTGTTACACACTTATCTGGAGAATGAAGGAGAGCATAAGAGATTACAGTACAGAAGAGGAAAACCAAACCTTGGTTTGGATGATTGCAGCTGCTTGGGCACACCAACCATGCTCCTTCCAGGGAGACCTTGACCAGATGCTGACTTCCTGCAGATGGTGTACCCCTCTTCCCTGCCCTCATTCCTGAGCCCTGGACTCAAACCCCCTCCTCTGTGGTGTGGCCAGTGAAAGCAAAAACGATTGACAGTATAATAATTTTTTCCTCTCTGGACAACCTATGCTGTATGATTCAGTTCCTCACTGTCATCACCTTTCCATTCCAGAATACTCTTTGAGCTTTATCTTTAT
>Human| chr9:83882191-83883690 | element 200258 | negative
AGAAGGGTGGATAAGAGGTCATATGACCCCAGACTAAGGGAAATGAGAAGGTCATCGTGCCTGAAGACTGACATTTCTCAGGTCCAGTCTCTCACCAGCCTCAGCTGTGATTTCTACCCTTGGATTCTGTAAAACATTCCTCATCCCTGATCATGAGTTGCTTTGTTTGTTTTTTCACCTAAACTGGATGAAGGGTTTCTGTTCCTTATAAGCAAACAACCAAAGGATTAACCAAATTTATGAATATATTAAAATCCTGCTTCCCCTGAAGGAGTGAACAAGATGGAAGAGGCTAGTTGCCTACACTCTTCAGAACAGCATCCTAGGCGCAGGATTTTCAATCTCTGCCTCCCAGAAGCCTCTCAGAGGAATTAGTCTTGACTCTACCTGGAAGGGTAGATGATTCACCTCTGCAGATCtgtagcctttactctctagtattctgtcccatcacctctagctgcttttatgtcccatgtcctgcagctcttcctcctttcaaggcatccctgggttccacctcaattgccctccctgtactgcaaccaggaaactcacgcaggagcaagccagggcaatctcaggacccacctccttgttcttgtctcttaatgatctctgcttttctgattgatgtcccataccttgaaaactatgttttgtgtattattttcatttttctattgttttggatggagggtaaaatttatccgtgttattccatccttacagaaagcagatgacttcAAGTGGTTTTTGACCATCTTCTTTAGTAATACAGGCCAAGTGGATTCTCACCACACTTTGGAAGGTGAGAAAAGAGCCACCTATTTTCTTGGGTGTTCAACCAAACAAAGACATCTCATTTTAAAAGTTACAACGTAAAATGGATAGCTCCCCCACAGTGTTTTGTTTGGCTGAATTTCCATAAACAGTTTTATACAGCCACAGCAAGTGATGACAGACAGTGATTATGAGTCAGGTATTTATGGTTTATTCTGGCCCATAACTTCCCAAGATGTGTTTTTTACACTGTTACATACAGAGCAACTCCAATGGAATAATGATCTTAAAATCCCTTCAAAAGAATCCATTTGTAAAATGTGTAATTTCTTCAAGCTTAATTATAATGAGTGTAATtatattagtcagggttctctagagggacagaactaatagaaatatatatatatatatatatatgagtttattaagtagtattaactcaaacgatcacaaggtgccaaaatagtctgtctagaagctgaggagcaaggaagccagtctgagccccaaagctgaagaatttagagtctgatgttcgaggacaagaagcatccagcacaagagaaagatgtaggctgggaggctaagccagtctagccttttcacatttttttctgcctgctttatatttgctggcagctgattagattgtggccacccagactaacagtgtgtctgcctttcccagcccactgactcaaatgttaatctcct
>Human| chr4:53474753-53476252 | element 200259 | negative
tggctgctcgatagaatcatctgagagctttaaaaacaatcccaatgcccaatcccgcacccctccaccccccactctccctccattcaattacatcagaatctctccaggtggaacccaggcattgttgttcttaaatcttcccgggtgattccaatgtgctgccagggcagagagccattgCTCCAATGCTTCCCAATAACCTGGGGATCTCATCGGCACTGGGAGAATGGGAATTTAAAATGAGAGGAAGACAGAGGAAAGAGAAGGTGGTGGTTTTAGAGCACTGAGCATTTGGAGGAGTAAGGGGAGATTCTGGGAAGGAGTCATGGGGAGGGTCTAAGGCGCTCAAGTGGAAGACAAAAATAACCAAAAAGGCCATGCAAGGACAATTAAGATAAACTTCACATAGTTTAAGTTTTTGCCTGAGGCCACCCCTAAACTTTTCACAAGGAAAAAACATCTTTCTTTCTCAGTATTCTCCTATGACACAAATGGCTTACTCTGCCTAAGACACAGTACTGAGGTTTGAAATATTAGAATTATAACTCAGCTACCATACAAACTTAACAGCTTCTCCAGACCTGTATCCTGAATTTAAACACTATTTATATCATTTCTCTGAAACAAAAGTTCAGTCACCAACTAAAAACCTTCTGGAAGAAGGTGGCAGAGATCTTAGATTCAAATCCCAACATTTTAGCTTAACTTTTTATTTTTTAAAGTTATCAAAATGAAAGAAACATATCAGAAGAGATATGCAGACATAACATTAGAGAAGAAAATTCATAATTCTAGTTTAAAAAACAAATCCTCAAAAATGCAATCCACATTAAACCATGAAAGGGGCCAAGCAAGAGCCCACCCTTCCCTTATCTTTTGTCTGAGAGACAGAGAAAGCTAACGACTCCACTGGCATTATTTGCTCCCTGCATCTTTCTCCTGCACGTCCTTCTCCCATCACGGAACTCTGAGTGGTGAGTGGCAACACCTGGCAGGCTTCTCTTTCTGCTGTGGAGGTGACATCTCACACGCATGTTAGGGCAGGTATAGCCGAGTTGGTCAAGGTCTAGATTAGGTGTGATGTAAAACAGGGGATGGGGAGGCACTTCAGAGATATCAGCCTGCACAGTGCAATAAGACAGAGTTGAATATGTTTAAAGGGCATTCAGAGGCTACTTCATACTCACCCACCCTAGCCTGAACATTTCCAAGTGCCTCTAGCCTGCCTTCACCAGGTATGGATGACCAACATACACATTTCTCCAGGAAAAAAAAAAATTATGGAAACCTAAACCTCAATTCTATTTCtttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttgaggcggagtttcgctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcgcgatctcgactcactgcaagctccgcctcccgggttcacgccattctcctgcctcagcctcccgtgtagctgggactacaggcgcgcgccaccatgcccg
>Human| chr8:23213379-23214878 | element 200260 | negative
ccaaagtgctgggattacagatgtgagccaacccaacaggccttttaaaaaaaaagatcaatagtttttcagttactctccctaaagtctgcactctgtgactgtttttttccccatgaactttgatataggaccttctattcatccctaatatgttacagcttgggcccattatttcaacctacagcagtttttctgaaagttcattccataattttatactccagcaatctctcctagttttgtatctcccatagattttatcagtataccttttaatttccatgaacattcctgatacatgatggggaggccggaacagagccctagggctcaccatcagagaccatccactctgtttacacaaattagtcagcagttcaccctgggtatcattagtcagtatgttcatgacttcacccaactgcacgtccacaagctatgtctcttcctcttatccacaaaaatttaatagcaggcattTCTTTAGCTGGGAGGAATGATCCTATGACTTCAGCTACTGATACAGGCCATTCCAGAAGGTATTTTGGAGAAACGTCTCAGCATCCCATAAATATCCCACGTAGGTGGTCCAGGCGGTTCTCTACCCATCAGGCCAGCACTGCCAGTAAGCATGAGCCTTAGCCACAAAGCCCTGGATGCAAGAATCTTCTGGCAACTCAAGGAGGTTCTCCCCAGACATCCTGAGGTCTAGGCCCTTTCATGACCTACTTTCAGCGGCTACCAAAGGGAAGAAGTTGCAGGGGACTGATCATCAATGAAAGTTCCCTAAGTCTCTGTGGTTGGGCCAGAAAGCGTCCCCCTGGCTCGTGGTCACCAGCCTGATCTGTCTGACAGCCAGAGGGAGGCCTTCTAGGAAAATGCAGAGTGTGTAAGGCTGTGGATGTCACCTGGCCCTTTAAGCCAGACATCTCCATAGGTTGCCCTCTCTGGGTTTCTGGAGATTTGTGAGGGCCCATGCTCCTTGCCTTGGAAGGATCTCCAGCTTTCTCCAAGGCGTACATCTTGTCTTGCaggttgtaagggctggaggacaagggccatgttttctttccctgctggtatcccaaaccagcaggtacccaacaaatgcccagaataaaggtGGGGCTAAGCTTTCCCATCATGGAATCTCAGCCCTTCCACAGTAAGAAAGTCGTCTCCAACATAttttttttcagtcttctttttttttttttagacggagtctcgctgttgttggctcaggctggagcgcaatggcaggatctcggctcactgcaacctccgcctcccaggttccagcaattctcctgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgaaattacaggcacccaccaccatgcctggctaatttctgtatttttagtagagatgagatttcaccatcttggccaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccacccaccttggcctcccaagtgctgggaattacgggcatgagccactgcgcccg
>Human| chr20:47700212-47701711 | element 200261 | negative
CACAAAAAGGTTAAATAACTTTTTCAAGAAATATCTGCTAGTGATGATTCTTAAGTTTGGTGAAATCTTAGTCTCCTTCTCTGTGATATTATTATTTTATGGTATGTTGATTTATCTGCAAGATGTTATCCTCATAGTTTTGTGCTCTGAAAAGGAGAATTTAGAAAGTGGAAATTGAACCATTATGTGCAAGTGAAAGTTTTGGTTTCTGGGCAGCAGCATCTCCTATTATAACAGAGCTTAAAAATAGCAAATTGTTCTTTAAATCAACAGGTCCTTCTCTTCCAATTGTCTTTTACTCAAATATGGAATCATTGCATTTAGAGCATGTATATTATTGTGTTTTTTAGGTGCCAAAAGAACATCTTTTAGTCTCGATTCCTCTCTTGATTAATCATCTTCAAGCTGAAAGTATTGTTGTTCATACTTACGCAGCTCATGCTCTTGAACGGCTCTTTACTATGCGAGGGCCTAACAATGCCACTCTGTGAGTATTTTATTCTAAAGTTTTTTAGCCTGGGGTAGGGGCTGTACTGTGCTGGTCAAAGATATCTGAATGTTTTCATAATTTCACTAGTGGGAAAACAAATGTCTGCTTtctattcctttatactctgtttcattctaaaagcatttgaggctgcttactaaaataggtgcattatgacaatacaatttaataaactggagccaaggaaagtaactgagataaagttaataaacagaaatgtgtgtcaaaggatcctatatagtagtccaagaaactccaaattttatttggagtctcttagcagccagggcaaagagggaaacttgggaagttaaaattttcacagggtctatgagataaaagttaaagcagagaatactgtacaatagtagtagtagtgttctcagcaacaatcatgtaacagttattttcatgtggctatttgcgtaaggtcacttatttctgagatatgacctaaccgaatgaaagtaattcactggggaccaagaaaataggtcttctggcctgaaccaggatgaaatgtagaggaatggatggtctgcatgtctttcaggccactattcaacagtattatttcttgaaatgagctttgggtaagagatggaaaacagttctaggttctttccttcatcaagaacttgaagtacagatactctcagtggccaattaagggtagaAAGGACATCCTTTgaggtgagtcaagccagtacctatcttcaggcccagaatttatgcagaaaacagttctgaatcttggctccacctccaaaaacaaaataaatgacagagtcccctgagattcTGAGTTCTTTCTCAGTGGTAATAGATATAAACCAGGGACAACTGTTTCAACTTCAGATGTTGTTGGGTTTAGCTGGCTTTTTGGTTCAGTTGTGTTTGGTTCTCGATGTGCCTTCTTAGGAGCCTAACATGAGCACATGTAAAAAAATTATTTTCCTAAACTGTCTATCAATTGTCAGTGGTGGGAG
>Human| chr13:70680109-70681608 | element 200262 | negative
aattaaaaaatatatataatgtatataattgaaaatttttaaGGATATTTTTAAATCTATAACCACATATGTCAGCATAATTAGGGAGCacatatatacatacacacacatatatacacatataggttatacatatataATTTTATCTATTCTTTTTGGTACTTAATCAAATTTATAAGAAACTGATTCAATCAACCAAAAGACTAAAAAAGATGCTTCTGTTACTAATTTGTTACTGTGTAGTAATTAAAATTTCTTAATATATACATTATCATTTTCCTATATTTCTCCTGTAGTTCTTCTTTAATAATGTATTCTGATATCACATGAATCTAAATGCAAATCATTTCATATCCTGACTATATTCCAAAACCAGTAATGATGTGGTTTAGAATAGTAATGAGTCAATTCTCTCAAAATGTAAAACTTGGGAGTTTTATGTCTATGAAGGATTTTCTGTAAGTCTTTAAAGTAGCAGAACTCTACACAAAGAAGCATAATATTTGAAATAAACTAGAAATAAATATTGAGCTGTTTACCAAGGAGACAAAATTTCAATACTGAGCCAACAAATCACAACAGCTAAATGCAAAGGGACTCCACGACAGTTTAACTCAAAGACTTACTCTGAACAAGGCAAGAGTGAACACAAAGTAAAAGGACCAGAAGAGAAGTTGGGACAGAGAATAAGACGACTGCATTTCAGGAGCAAAAAGAGAGGTAAAATAATGTTGCTGTCCAGTGGCCTCATTTTGTCCACCTCATTACTCCTGGAATAGATTCAAACCACAGGGACCTTAGATAATATGCTAAGTCAGTTACTAGGCCAATATATGAGATGCATTCTGATGATGTGTAAAGCAAAATTTCATCTTCAGATAATGGAACGACTGATATAATTTAATGACGGTAGATGACAGAAGAACACCATAATCTCAGGAATATGAGAACTATTCCACTTGAAGGCTTACAAAAATGCATGTAAGTTCAATTGGTGGCTACAACTTTGAAAACTTCCAAAAAGAAAAGTGAGGTGTCTGAACCAATAGAAATTAATGAGCAAACTTGTAATGAAATTAGAACTTGAGTAATCAAAACCAGGGTGGCATCTCTTAACCCACATTTTCAACCTGAAACATTTTAGACTTAGTAGCCACATGAGCACACGCGGTGAAATGAGTGGAAATTGAGAGATGCTTGGAAGCCCCGTGGGGACTTACTGTACCTGTGTCCACATCCTTCACCTGTTGCCTGGCTAGAGTTGTCTGGCTCCACTTTGAGCTCTTGCAGAACCAGCCCTTTTTCGTGTGGTCCAGGAAAGTCCATGCCTGGCACCACCTCCTCCTCTAGTGACTCCACGTAGAAGAGAGTCCTGGCTGGCTGCTGAGTGCCCTGCCCAGGAGCCCCTTGCTGCAGCCTCGTGGCAACTGGAAGCAGGGTGCCATTCAGCGGATTGAaggaagaggaggaagaggacggggaggacgatgaagaggaaga
>Human| chr2:120491502-120493001 | element 200263 | negative
ACCCTTTGCTAGGCCCAGGAGTCCTGTGAGATGGGCTCTTCCCTTAGTCCTCATTCCCACTGGCTATTGACACCATCCCCCGCTACACCCCCAATTCTACTATCCCCTTCCAGCCCGACACAGGACTTGCCTCTCTGAGCCTCTGACCTCTGCTTTCTCCCAGCATCTATTTTGGTTCTTCCTCCTTGGCTCAGTAAGTACATGGACAATCCCAGACCAGCCTTAAAGGCAGCCACCCCCCATGTTGGCCTCAGCCTCAGGGGCAGGGGAGGATCCTGGCCTACAAATCATGCACTCAGAGCTACAGTCCAGTCTCTGCAAGGACTGGCAGCAGACGGCGCTCACCCTGGGAGACCGAGTCCAGACACCTGTTCCCTGGCACAGCAGAAGCCCTCCACCCAGGCCCTGGAATGACAGCCCTGACTGATCTCCTGAAAGTGAGCTCTCCTGAAAGTGAGCTCAGGCTGTCCATCTTCCCTGAAGTCCAGTCCATCCCTTGCAAAGCCAGTTTCCGCTATCCCATCATGATTAATGCTGAAGCTCTCTTTCCAACCTTTGAAATGCCTTTTCATGCCATGCATTTAGAGAAAGGGCTCTGCCATCTGCAGAGGACCTGTGCGGAAATGTGGGGAAATGACCGTGTGTTTATTTATGTCATCCATTGTTAGCTAAGAATATCCAGGTGTTCTAATAATGGAGGTACCAAGAAAGgaaacagtgttggatggtgggaaggacgctgggctcggggcaggaaaacaagtcccacagcccaagctgagtgaccttcagcaagtttttgttctttagcctcagtttcttcctctgcagaaaaaaaaaaaaatgagtctacagtacttgctatgctgacctcaaagggatataacaagaatccaatgaaaggatgtatgtgcatcccaaatttgctcaggcccagcaccagagggacaaatgaatccacattaacagatgtcactggggcctcccacctgctgacacaggcctccagcacttccccatagaagtttcactgaaatatttttcagagtgcctaggtgtgtctcaGGAGGACCCCATGCAACCTTCTTTCTCGGTTCACTGCCTGAGAAGACTCTCCCTATAGCCACTATGTCCCAAGCAGGGGCTGAATCTCAGGGCTCTCAAAGCTGCAAAAGACAAGAGGTGTCAAAATGGTCTGTCCCCTCTCGGAATGCACCCCCACCTCCTGACAGAGGGACACCTGGAGGCTGGGTCATGCTCGGGAATGTCCACGCTGCAGGTTAGTTCAGGAGAACATCCCTACGCAGAGGGCAGGGCCCAGGCTGAGGGGTTTATTCAGGTTGCCACTGGATCCACCCAGCTGCCTGGAGACAGGGATTGTCCTCATTTGACCAAGTCACACAGCTAGTAGTAGTAGGTGGTGGAACCCTGTGGTGGACATTGGTCATTCTGGCTGCTTAGcatctaggtatacttattctatgctttcttgcagaagtt
>Human| chr7:121950113-121951612 | element 200264 | negative
AAGTCGATAATAGAAATTAAAACAACACAGAGCAAAGAACGAGCTTAGTGAAATGGAGAAGCAGTAGAGGTAAATAAAAATCCTCGAGCTAGAAAGCTCTAAGAACCGCTTATAAATTCAGTTACCTCCTGAACTCCGGCCGATGGCCACTCCGGCCCGGGAGTGCCCCGCGCCGACCCGCTGGCCTTGGCCGTCTCAGCCTTCATTATCGCCACGGCCTTGGCGCCCCCTGCCCCCGGCTGCCCAGGGGAACCAAGTTCCCGCTGCTGGAGTTGGGGCAGAGGAGCCCCGCCTCATTCAGGATTCGGTGGCCAGCGCAGAGCCATTTGAATAGAAGAAGCCCGAAGTGAAACAGAAAAGCTGAAAACTCCCCGGCTGGGCTCTCCACTTCTCGGTTCTTGCTCACGAGTTCCAAACAGTTAAAGTGACGTTGGCAAGGCCGAGGGCCACCGAGCTCTGTGAGACTCCCTTGGAGGGGTCAGGAAACTTAGCTCGAGAAGCTTGGAGGCGGCTGGGAGTTGGGGCGCAACTTCAGTGACCGGGCGCCGCTGCCGGGCTGGGGCTCCCAAGCGTCCGGCTCCCGGGGTGGTCGACGCGGCGCTGCCTTCGATCAGGTCCCGCCGACCTCGGGCCTCTGGACCACCACCGCCCCAGCTGGTCTGGCAACCCATCCCGGGCGCAATCGCGCTCCTCCCCTTCTCCTCTGCATTCCCGCAGGTCCTGGGGCGGCTCCATCCCCCCAAGGCTGAGAGATGGCGAGGGAGGCTCCAAAGAGTTTCGGGAGGGGGCGCCGGATCTGGTTTAAGAGACCGCGGAACAGATGGTGGAGAGCTCCTGGATGAAAGTTTTTGAACAGGCACTCGCTAATAGACTTGCTTTGACGACTCAGGGTGTAATTGAAGGGTCATTTAATCTAGACGCAAGGTGAAAGAAAACAGGCCCGGGGGTGTGGCATACCTAAGGAGGAACTAGAGCATCTTTTCACTAGGTTTGCCTGTCATTTTGACTTTCCTGGAAAATACGTTCTTAAGTCAAATTTTAAGAATGTCTGAGAAGCATCTCTGAGTATCTCTTCCAAAAACCTTTCGTGTATTTTTTTAGCCGACCTCCTTCCTCCGAGAATCCTCCCTTTTGAAGCCGTTTGGCCTGTGCTTAAGAGTAGTTGGGGTCTCCTTATGGTCCCAGGGCAAAGAGAATTTTCTAACTAGATTCTCCTGTTTAAGACCTTAACAGAAAGGCCTTTCTACCTTCCCTTCTTTGGCTTTACTCTCCAATTTGTTCTTTCATTCCCGAGTTCTCCCAGTGAAACCCTGCATCTCCTCTAAAAGAGAGTATTTCATGGCTGTCCAAAGAGGGCCATACCCCGTGGCCACCTCTCGCGGGCCTCCATAGCCTCTGTAAAAGAGGAAGCACTCAGCCACTGGCCGGCCCCCTTTTGTTGATGGAAGTGGATGCTGTTCTGTTTCCTCCCTTCCCGCCCTTAGGCCTCTCCCAGACCAG
>Human| chr4:36277960-36279459 | element 200265 | negative
gctttggcatttggcatttggcaacagaatcctggattggaaagaggcttccctcagaatattgaaatcacaactcattatttgctaggtcttagtgttgctgttgagaagttcaatgccttttgatttaaatgtgacagttttttccctctttggaggctactggaatgttgatccttggtgtgaatttgatatgactggttatgattattttttgtatatactgttctgggctctttctgtctagaatatcatatactttaattctgagaaatatttcgatattatttctttgataatttcattcattctactttctctttccagaactcatattagtgggaccacttggatttaacctttaattttcttaacctccattttacccctattgtccatctctttgtctttttgtttgatgtttttgggaatttactcaaccgctttttctttcccatattaagaaaattctattatcataatttaatttctgtgagtcctttctcattgccagaatgctccccttttaaagaaaatattttcggcctggcttggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcaggctgatcacgaggtcaggagttcaagaccatcctggctaacacagtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaaattagccgggcgtggtggcaggcgcctgtagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaatggcatgaacctgggagacggaggttgcagtgagctgagattgcaacactgctctccagcctgggcaacagagtgagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaatattttcttgtcttgtgagtgcattatttcttcttatcctagactctgaacatgctaattatagattgatttgatattttcctcttccctgtgtttgttctcttgttttttttcccaagttctttatttttgtttgtttactttagtctctagctttatattagaggctttttcaaatgcctgacctcgttggttgttattccacttaaagtgaggcatgaagagcctagtttggaagctttatatgatgcagagcttcactgtggatgatctggcgggggcagaccaggcttgtggggttggaaatagggagagggacactgaaagtttcactatcagtaggtttttctcatggagtgttcagttactccatggaggaaactttccattttctgcctggaaggttatgcttcccagctcgtgttcttggagttgagcagaagaatagagcagcacctcataatagaatttcacttaaccctcatggtcagcatagcaccccctccagttctctgctctgctgagtgttgctgccacgatttattcatagagaaagtctctagcttctgatgtgtgggagagagattgttgcctggttctttggggcagaagcgaggtatctgggaatctacctgctctccaaacagagtttcagcaa
>Human| chr10:30233347-30234846 | element 200266 | negative
tcaacccataatgcggatttctcaaacgtggaggaatgactttcaaatatggaaaatgggaagtaatggagtgcagtatccttccggagcattaacttcttcccttcatatttttcagttctctcaccaatctgtaattcaacagctcaacagcaggctgttctttgattgacttgctgttaagttttccaaggcattcaaccttgttatcatagaaactgctcttttctgtactcatatttcatcagtttataggttattcacagaattacataattgttaacataagtgtaactgatggacacagatccggaggtaaacacacctgactcaggtacctgaacaactcactgggcagatgtgggcacatgccctggagggctgctctccagcctgcgtggtccatggagtatgagctttacgtgtgttttcctgggaaaaaggagattatggtttatctagtaattcatgggtggaactaggtgaagagagcACCTGCCATAATGGTAAACTGAGCAAAAGGAAAGTAGTAAAAAGAGGTGCAGAAGGAAAGATTGCTGAACCTCAGCCCACATGCAGACAATGAACGTGGTTGGAGATTCCCATTCTGCCAAACTGCCCAAGCTGTGCACTAGGTTAGTTATGAACTATTGCCATAAAATGAATTTTCTGATAAGAATATTTTCTGTAGGAATATTGAGGAGCCCACCGCCCTCCTTGGGTTCAGGTTAAGTTGGCTGCACAGCATTCATGATCCACACCAGCAACTAGCATGTTTCTCTGTGCCCCTTCCACCTCTTGTCTTGCTAGGTCTGACCTCCTAGTTTTGTATCCTGAGTAGGCAGGCAATCCTCAGAAAGGAGCCCATAGAATTTTCTGTAGTGACTCTAGGGTATTATGCTTCCCTGGCACCTCTCCTGGTCAAAACTAGGTATGGAGGTGGCCCCAAATCTTCCTGGGTTTTGGTTTGAACATCAGCGTGTTCAGAACCCTGACTGGGCCACTTCCTCTATCCCATATGCATGAGAGAATCACCAACAATATTTGACCTTGAACATGGAACCCTTGTGCGCCACAATGCAGCCCCTACCTACCTCGCCAGCCTCTTCCCTACCCACCTCTCCAGCCTCGAGCCACAATGGGACACCCCTCACCCCCATTCTCCAGAAACACATATGGGTTTTAGTCTTAGTCCTACACAAACAACAAAAAAAGTCATTCCTGGATTCATGCTTCCAGGACATGCTGCCTTCTGTGAGAGGGCTGTTTTTCCAGACATCCACTCTACcttgcctctcatgtccaatactcatgaaatcctgttagttctatttcctaaatattatgtgatttttctgctttctctccacctaccccttagaaccagccctcctcctctctcacctggaccattgctgaaggctctcagctggtttagttgtctcccaactcttctcaagccaaccctttctttaagctgaatgcaaattcaatcatgct
>Human| chr18:71370801-71372300 | element 200267 | negative
gcacctttgagatataaatttttgtagactcctcttcccaggtttatgacccagaaccatctctctcaaggacttggaaaccatccctttcaaatgtaatcatcatggatgatacagccactatctcccgaactgtatggacgtgtggcagcctaactttggagggtgctaattagcaagcacagctaccctattcaccagagaaaaacatttgcaaactcaagataactcaacattctgaacacatactatgtttaaccttaatatcctccatcactttttcagtagttttcccagcacttgaaaacccttttgccttttgtttcaatggggttgacttcagactgcattctagtttctctcctctattgcaagagcattgaataaagttttccatactcatttaactttgtccagtgcaattttgctttgacaTAGGTCTAAAATCATTCCACCACACTATGTTTTCCTGGTTACTAGAATAAATTATTACTTTGACTACATTATTTATATAAAAGAAATTTGGGGAATTAGTCACCTCCAACTCAATTAATTTAGATCAATGATTAAATCTCTACATATGACAAAATATTATGTATTTGAATTTATTTTTAAGTAAAGTTTATATCTGTATATTAATTGAGGTGGAGTATCATATATTATTAACTGAAATTACATTTTCCTGTTTATGCAATATGGTAGTATCAGCTTCTTAGTTTAAGGAGATTTTAAAAATCACCTTTCCATAGAAGTATTTTTATATTTCCAAAATTTTAACCACCACACTAATGTGGAAACACGAAAAATTGATATGTAAAATAATCAAAACACTTAAGTTACTATAACAAAAGAGTAAGTTGGTTTGAGATTATATTCATGGATTGTAAACATACCTCTCAGGTATGATTTTTTAAAATAAATGCAGCTAATTTATAAAACTGGAACACTTTTTTGGGGGGGAATGAGAAGAGAAAAAAATGGAGCGAAAGCATTGTTGAGACAGAAATCACAGTGAAAAAGAAAATAGGACAGAATAAAACAGAAACAAAATAAATGAGCTTGACTGTAAGAGATCAACAAAGTAATACGGAAAAAATGAAAATACAAATAGGATCACATCTACGGAAGTCATATAAAAAATAGACAGAAAATCAATCTTTTCATGGGAATTATTTTCTTCATTTTGTTAACTCTAGAGAAAATGAAATTTGTTTGTTTAACAAATTATTCCTCGTTTTTGCAGCTCTAGGCATAAAAGTGCTatagcaatgctatacatcattgaaaaacatttacagactctaaagtacttccacataaactgcctcatttaatatcataataaaggtataaattaagcatccttaatattaccctcatctgacgtgtagaaaccaatgtccagaggagtGTTCCTGTCTTCAAATTGTCAAACATGGTTGTTAAAATGACATTTTTGTATATGATTAAGGTCTTCTGACATTAAACTCACACCTATTT
>Human| chr5:164453337-164454836 | element 200268 | negative
atatgtacttgcatgttcatcgcagcactattcacaatagcaaagacatggaatcaacataggtgtccatccacagtggactggacaaagaaaatgtgttttatatgtataccacagaatactatgcagccataaaaaaggatgaaatcatgttctttgcagcaacatggatgcagctggaagacactagcctaagtgaattagggcaggaacagaaaatcaaataccgcatgttctcacttataagtgggacccaaacactgagtacacatggacataaagatggaaacaatagacattggggactactggtggtggggagggaaagaaaactaactactgtggttggaaatggaaaactaacttttgggcactatgctcagtagctgggtgatgggatgaatagtacccaaaaccacagcatcatgcagtataaccagatcacaaatctgcacatgtaccctgtgaattgaatctaaaataaatgttgaaaTTAAGAATTAATATTGGTAAAAACAATAAACTTTTATAAAAGAATTGTAATTTCTTCAGTGTTGTGCACATAGCCAAGGTTTGGACAAGGTAAACTATTGGGATATTGAAAAAAATGTTAGAatttatatttgtaatctacaatattaaaataacagaatttttaatggtaaatatgtgaattgatatggcacagggattttgtctgtgtgaaacatggtcccacattgtatatggtcagcaaaccatccttggggaagtttgatttcaccacatatgggaatgacaatgtacctctactcctagctttcagttcactgctgcttattgccatttatgtccactcagcggattcctacattatattatctagttttgactaagcatatcttcccaaacagatgaatgtcttgccaaaaaaaaagttcattattctaataatacaaggacaagtaaccaccaagaaaataacagtaatggtactactTTAATTAACAAATTGCTCTCATTATGTTGGTGACTATAATTATTGTTATAATTGTGGTCACCAACATAATGAGGGCAAACAACTATAAGCTAGTTTGTCTGAAGTCAGCCAAAATGCATTATTAAGAAAATTTGGCATGTGTATAATGGTCCACTATTACTAATTACTAGTAATATGAATTAGTGACCATGTTTAGGAGGCAACttaaaatattgtttcatcttaatctcaccctttgaactcatctatatactatgttgttttaccatgtgaaaattttattagccaagtagtgcaatacacaatgttctaagttaatacttgctgcatatattaggggtTGTCATCACAGACAGTGCTTAGTATGAGCAATTACCACtttttttttttttttttgagacggagtcttgctctgtcacccaggctggagggcagtggcgtgatctcggctcactgcaagctccgcctcccgggttcatgccattcttctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggaccacag
>Human| chr2:126253235-126254734 | element 200269 | negative
ATTTCTGGGTCTTAGTATTGCTATATCAGACTTTTCATCTACCTGTATGATGAATTTCATCTTAGTACTCATTGACTTCCTTGTGTGAACACATATATGTTGATTGATTGAGATTATACTGGCCCCAATATTCTATACCAAAAGTTAATTAACTTAGTTTACATCAATATTTGTGAAATAATTTAAATATTGATGCTTAATGACTTTAGTTAATATGAGCATCTGTCAATTTTGCAATGGAGATTTTTCTCTTTCCTAAAAACTCAAACCAGAAAGAAAAATTTTCCTACTTTTCTAAGCTGTTGTTTAACGAACATCTTTATCAAATAAGTTTGACTCTCATTTAGAGTTTATTTTGTTTTCTTTTTCATTTCTATTCATTACAAAAGTTAAATTACAGCCACAAAGCTGTAGGCATTTTGCTAGTCATTGATGATACAGAACTGAAAAGAATATATCCCTACTGAGGAGCTGAGAAGGTATTTCTGGTAAAAGGCAGTGAAATGCATAGGTGCCTGGAAGTTACTGAGTGTCTATAGAATAGGCATTTGAAAGTGCTGTTCATCATATATGTGAATGAATAATTCACATATACATAGATGGCTATGGACACATACAGGAAAATAATTTGAATTGTTCTTTGAAGGACTGAATAGGAATTAATAGAAGTTGTGGTGTTTGACTGAACAGTCCAAACAGTTTACAATTAAGGCTCTCAACCCAAAGCCATGATTCCCCACTTTTATGAATACATTCTACAAGAAATTCCATAAGCCATCTCTACTAGCTTCTCAGTACTCTTAACATtttttaattgtgggaaaatacacgtaaaatctaccatttcaacaattctgaggtatacaatttggtggcattaagaaaatgtataatgctctttaatgattaccaatatatatttccagaatatttttgtcaactcaaattattatctacccattaagcaataactctttttccctctcccagtccctggtaaactctcttctactttattctactatctgttgctatgaatttgcttgctatagattctaaatacatatagcatcacaacaatatttgttcttttgtgtctgggttatttcacttatcctgtcattttcaatatccattcatatcatagcctgtatcaaaattgcacccatttttcagggtttaataacatttgatggtatgtatatatataccacatttgtttatccatttatctgccgaaggacactttgttatttacaactttttgttattataattaaggctgctataagcattagtgtataattatctgtttgagttccttttttcaattctttggagtgtatacctaggagtagaactgctaaatagtatgataaatctatgttcaactattttagaaactgccaaactgtttcccatggcaactataccattttgcatttctgagcagcaatgtacaagtgtcccaattcctccacagactttccaacacttgtt
>Human| chr7:19534719-19536218 | element 200270 | negative
acgtacatacatatacacgtgtgtacacacgtacatacatatacacgtgtgtacacacgtacatacatatacacgtgtgtacacacgtacacgtacacatgtatatacacacgtacatGtacacgtgtgtacacacacgcacatatacgcgtgtgtgtacacacaggtacatacatatacgcgtgtgtgttcacacgtacatatataaacatgtgtgtatgtgtatatatgtatatgtgtgtgtatatgtatatatgtgtgtatatatgtatatgtatgtgtatatgtgtgtatatgtgtgtatatgtgtgtatatgtatgtgtgtatgtgtgtatatatgtgtatgtgtatatatgtgtgtatgtgtatatgtgtatatatgtgtatatgtgtgtatgtgtgtgtatgtgtgtatATCATCTTATAGATTGGATGCTGATTCCATATACTGACCAGTGTATATCATGCATCAACATTTATAGATTCTACTTCTATTTTCTACAGATATATATACACACACatatatacacatatgtttatacatatatgtgtatatatgtgtgtgtatatacatatatacacacatatgcatatatgtgtgtatatgtgtatatgtgtgtatatatacacatatatacacatatatacatatatgtgtatatatgtatatatacacatatgtacatacatatgtatataCACACGCACATATATATATTCACATACATACACAATTAGTTAACTAAAATATCAGAGGACAATTTTAAAATATACTTCTGATGACTTCTCTAAGAAATATATTTCTGCTGGGAAAAAAAATGCTGGGGTTTCCTGTGGGTGGATGAGTTTGGGTTCCCTCTCACCAAGATATATTTTCAGTTTTCCCCTCACGAGCTTTTACTTACATATGGTTTGGTTAATATTCTGGGGTCTCCTCACTATCTCTGGCCTCTCTTGTGGAATCGTCTGCATCAATAGTTGCTATATATTAGTGAGCAAATTAAAATTTAACTGCAACAAAAGTGACTTGTAGCATTTTAGTTTATGGCTACAACTTGAAAATCTTTATAATGTGGTGCTTTTTATTTTTACAATACAGCTTGACCTGTAATCTTCCTCTGGCATCAGTGCTGACTAATTAGATATATTGTTTATTGAAATCCAAATCGTTTATGCAACTAATAATTATTAAATGCCTACTTATTATGCcaactaataattattagtgcctattatgtgttagaaaccgttttaggtgttgagatgcagcaatgTATTGCTTGATGAAGTTTCAGTTTTAATGGTTGATATCATTAAAAGTATAGAAATAAACGACATTGTTTCTATAATGGAAGATTGTAATAGTAAAGGAATGCATCGATTGCTTACAAGGATAGAGAACACAGACTAAGTCAAATCAAAAGACAAAGGGAAAGTCCCCTGGAGAAAGTGACCTTTGTGTGGAACATTCTTGCCAATTTGATTAAAAATTCAAGTAT
>Human| chr2:59452878-59454377 | element 200271 | negative
CATTGTGCACTAAAATGACACAGCCTAGAGCAGTGGTTGTCAAACATTTTTGTCCTTCCCCATATTTCCAGGAAGATGATTATATAGATAAGGTCACTTTGGGAAGCAAAGAGAATCCAGGACACAAGAAAAGTCTGGAGGCTGGGGAAGGGTGGGTGAGACAGATCTGTGTTAACTGGCTTTGTGTCCAAGCTATCATGTGCTGGCAGCAGAGGCCATTTTGAATTCAATATTCCCCAAGAATCCTGCAGCCACTCTGCTATTTGTTCCCTAAGTCATCAGCAGTTTTGCAAGCCAAGGTTGCGTATTGGAATTGGGCAGATAAGGAGAACTTGTCTATTAATTGAGTGTTTGGGAATGGGAAAAAATGGAGTGAACACACAAAGGCTCTTTGCTGTTTGGAAAGTTGGAAGGTCAAGGGTGGTATGTTTGCTTCAATTATGGTGCCAGTAGACCCAGCTAAACTAGATCTACTGCACTTTGTCTTTAGTATACATATGAACGTATTTGCAAATAATTGACACTTGGGAAAATGATATTTGGCCAAGCACATTTTCCATTAACATAAAACAAGAGTGACAGggaaggaaggaaggaacaaggaaggaaggaacaaggaaggaaggaagaaagagagggaggaagggagggagggagggaaggaggaaggaaggaagggaatgaaggaaggaggggtggaagggagggagggagggagggaaggaggaaggaaggaagggaaggaaggaaggagggaaagaaggaaggagggaaggaaggaaggagggaaggaaggaaggagggaaggaaggaaggagggaaggaaggaaggaaggaaggaaAGAGCTTATTCAGGGCAAGGGGGAGGGAAATTTAATCTGATCCACTGCTTTATTTATACTTAACTCGACAAAATGATCAAAGTGGGTTAGTGTTTGGCTCTTTACTGTCTAAAATGTAGTGAGCATCCTTGGACATTCCTTTTCCCAGACAATAGGCCAGCTGTGACATGACAATGTTTCAGGATATTGGTTCCAAAGCTAAGATGCACAAAATTTGGCTAAAGGCAAAACCTATTCTCCTCTGCTCATTATCAAACACTTAAACCGCATGCAGTTAGCCCTTTAGCTGCCTTCTAATACCTTGCATTGCCATCTTGTAAATGCTGCTGCTTTGCTGAAACACCTACAGAGTTTCTTGGTTTATAAACACTATTTGATCACACACCAGGAGTAAGGTAGACTCATTTGCCTCTTGGCCAAACAGTTTAAGACTTAACTGAGCTGCTGTCCGAGCCCTGGATGGCCCCTTCTCTTAGCATGGCAGTCCTGTCAGTGGGGTGCTTTCTTGCCCTTGGCTTTAGAAGGGGAAAACTAGCAGCTTGAAGCAAAAGGAAGTCTATCACACAGCTGTACAGTCTATTACAAGTAGACTACTCACTAGCTTAACTAGTCTTTCTTTTTACCTCACTGATGCTACCCCTTAAGTATTCTTTCTCCT
>Human| chr7:46449241-46450740 | element 200272 | negative
aacatatccgtcaccacctcaaggtttttcatgtgccttggtaagacttctttccagcccagctcttccccatctgttcccaaatagtgatctaacttctgtcaatatggattagttttacttttctagaattttatataaatagaataatagagtatgtgcccttttttctagtttctttcattgagggtaattatgttgaggttcatccatgtcatggaatgaaccaatgtttaaatatactacagtgtgtttattcattcgtctattgataggtatttgtaggtcacacaaagagcttccagttttgctacaagcagaagtgctataatcatacatgcatggacaaatcttcatctataaatccatcctttattttttattgagtaaaacctagtagtggaatagctagatcataaggtaaatatttaactttttttaaagaaactaccaaactgttcactaaagtgattgtaccatccattccgaccagcaatgtatgagttccaattcctccacatccttcttaaattcagccatttttatagctgtgtagtaatatcacagagtagttttcatttgtgtttccctaatgaaaaatgatgctaagcatttttcatgtgctcacttgtcattcatatatcttctgtggggaagtgcctgttaaatgctttgccaagtttttaaaaattgggctgctcgttactgagttttaggagttctttgtctattctgggttcaagtctctggaaagataaatacttgaaaatgtattatccccatctgtaacttgttttttcattctcttaacagtgtcttttgaagagaagtcattttatctttagatgaagaccaacttcacaatttgttcaatttatgggtcatgtttttggtgtcatatctaagtaatattttcctaactcatggttagaaatgtttctcctatgctttcttctagaaatctcattgttttaagtttcacatatgggtctatatcctgtttcgtgctaatcatctatgtggtgcaaactggggatttaacttttacatgtatattcaattattccaccaccattgctttaaaatgttatttgcttccctttgcacctttataaaaaatcagggcatatcattgtaggtctatttctgaaatctctattcctttccactgatccatgtctctatctttatgtcaatactaaaatcttgatttgtttagctttatatgttttgaaatcaagtagtgttagttgttcaattttggttttggacattgatttttgtattccaggttatttttctttccTTACTGCACTGGCacatctctgtgttcttgaatttaggaggaaaacattcagccttcagtaattacgtatgatattatttgtagtattgcatagatgactttttcacattcggaagttcccttctgatcctaccttgctgagagttttcaccagaactggattgtcaaatgcttctgtatttatgttatagttc
>Human| chr12:26226843-26228342 | element 200273 | negative
AACTTTCTTTAGGGCCACATAGAAGAAACAATTTCCCATCTATATATATAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGTCTCACTCTAAAAAAAAAGTATATATATGAGAATAATAGTACGTTATAAAAGCAAAGATGAAATGAGAAACTTAAAGTCATTCAAAATACCAATAAGTCCTAGTTTGGGGGACTTTTAAAATGTTAATTATCCACCCTGTCCTCTAAAATCATGTTTTGTTAATGGCAGAGCAAGAAACAGGAACTACTGTTAACTCTTCACCCACTACCCTCTCCACATACGTGTGCTGTGTCTATTAGGAAAGACCAGTGGAGTCCTATAAAATGGGCATAAATATGCTGGATGCGtttatactttctacagacatttagtgagcccctgtttttgtccggacactggagtgagatgcatatatttgttctctaccttcaggaggttttttttgaggtggagtctcccattgtcgcccaggctggacggcaatggcctgatctcggctcactgcaacctccccttcctgggttcaagcaattctcctgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgggattacaggcgtccgccaccatgcccagccaaattttttttttttttagtagagacgggctttcactatgttgaccaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcgtgttccacccgcctcgtcctcccaaaatgctgggattacagcagtgagccactgcacctggccggtttacagtcttgatgatagagatgacaacttcagtacaacatgttaagaaccactagaggggcaaggatagggtgtcacggagacaaacacattaggagatacttaccccaacccagtgtgttggaagatcctggaaggtgatatAaacaagaagggctgtctggtggagctgtagccagacagtgaagagcccgggaggtccaagagagatgggaagtaggcatctgatcatgaggggccttggttgccatggtaaggagtttggactttatcctgacaggcacaagcaaattttaagcgtggaaattaaatgattagcatgttaggaagataattctgactggatatgtgaagaactgactaaagaagggtcaagactagaggccagaaagactacttaagaggcctgtaggagtccaggccagaggtgatggtaactcaaactaagAAAGCAGTTTGTGCACGTaacaaatttttattgggcaccttctctgagccaggAAATGAACCAAACAAGTTATAGATATTCTAAGTAGACAATAAGAATCAAAGATACTCCAGGTGTTTACCACTTACCCACAGCCTTAAAGGGTGGTGGAAATGATGGCTGTGGGTCTCTCAGTGAGTAGTCACAGATAATCTGTTCTTTGTGCTGTTGGGCAAGGGGTTGGCACAGGAGCAAGGAAAAAGAATAAAAACATGGAGAATAGAATATGTATTCAAGAGGTGGGCCTTCAAATGGGCTTCCTTTTTATAGAGTGTTTT
>Human| chr2:9484916-9486415 | element 200274 | negative
ATCCCATGGTACCGTAAGTATTCTCTTTTAATCCATGGTGTCTGCTGTATTAGGTGAGGTTGGTGTTGGAGGACTTTCTGAAGTTAGAGGGCAGGAGTTGTTCTCCGTGTGTGATGGTATTAAGGATGTGTCTTAGAGAATTTCCCTGTCAGAAACGCTTGCTGGCCTCCGTCTTGATTTGGTGCACCTGCAGCCTGtttatgtttttttttttttaattttaattttaatttttattttttattttAGCCAGATGGAGTCTTGTCCTTGTTATCTTCCACTCCCTAGCAGAGTCAGGAGTAACTGATAAGCCAGGTTGTCTTTATTTAGAAGCCTGTGACTCCAGAAAGCACAGAACAGCAAACTGCTCCCCCAGCTCTCTTTGTCTCTGGAAATCAAACATCTCACTTAGGAAGATTTCTACTTTTCCATTAAGAGAAAAAAATGGGCAGGACTCTGGGGACCAGAAATCCATGAGAAAAGACATCTCAGTGATTTTATTATTGAAATCTTAACATATGGTGCCCAACTTTAAGGCCTCTTTCCATCATCCTGTTTATCAGAGTCTATGCAAGAAAAAACGGAGCCCTCTATGTTGAGCTTATGAAAAGCCGGTCAGGATAAAGTTCCTTACCAATCTAGCTTTCAGAGGCCAGGAACTTGGATCACAGACACAGCCCTGCACACCACACTGTTCTTTCCATGGCAGCGTTATACATACTATTGCCTCACCTGGCATGACTAGAGCTGGTGATAACCACATGGGCTGGTAGACAGCTTTGGTAACATCTCAAGGCCGAGGTCGTTGCCTTTTTGTTGCTAGAGAGATGCTGAGGGTTGTTTGCATTCCCATTCCCCAAGCAGAGGCCTAGTAGTGCATGCAAGCCAGCAGCCTTGGGCGTGTGAGTGGATGATAGTAACCGTCTTTCCTGCCCCTTGTCCCTCCAGTCCCTGGTGAAGGCAGAGCTGGGCAGGAGCTCAGAGGGGCTTTTCTGGCCCCTATAGAAATGTCATCACTCAACATGGGGTCCAGAGAAACGGCCCTGAGGTTCATAAGGGAATAGAGTAAAACCCCAGCCGAAGCATGTCACAGCAGCAAGGATTGTGTTCCTCTGGGGGTGCCTTTGTTTTTGCCAACTTCGATTTAGAAAGGGAGAGAGGAGCTAGAATAGTATATACCCAGTGGAGGGATTCTCGGTGACCTCTGGTCTAGGGGTTTGAATGTGTCTCTGAACTTGGAAATGAAGGTCATTTTCTATTTTCAAAACCCAGCTTTCACTGGTCATGTGATCACCACCGTACTCCCCCTGCCCCCGCGACCCCAGGGCCATGCAGTATGGATCTTAATGGGACATTATgggcaggtgcagtggctcaagcctgtaatcctagcgcttagggaggccgaggcgggcagatcagctgaggtcaggttcgaggccagcctggccaacatggcaaaaatcctgtctttactaaaaatgcaaaaattagccaggc
>Human| chr5:123239134-123240633 | element 200275 | negative
taggaccctttgtggataccaaaatccacagatgcttaagacccttatatcagatggtgtactatttgcatataatctatgcatatcctccaatatattttaaatcatctctagattacttacaatacctaatacgatgtaaatactatgcaaatagttatactgtattgtttagggaataatgacaagaaaaaatgtctgcatgtgtttagtacaattgtaaccattcttttctttctttaagttctgggatacatgtgctgaatgtgcaggtttgttacatatgtatacacatgccatggtggtttactgcacctatcaacccgtcatctaggttttaagccccacatgcattaggtatttgtcctaatgctctccctccccttgccccccaccccctgacaggccccagtgtgtgatgttcccctccctgtgtccatgtgttctcgttgttcaactcccacttatgaattaaaacatgcagtgtttagttttctgttcttgtgttagtttactgaggatgatggtttccagcttcattcatgtccctgcaagggacatgaactcatttttttttatggctgcatggtattccatggtatacatgtgccacattttctttatgcagtctgtcattggtgggcatttgggttggttccaagtctttgctattgtaaatagtgctgcagtaaacatatgtgtgcatgggtctttatagtagaatgatttgtaatcttttggatatatacccagtaatgggattgctgggtcaaatggtatttctggttctagatccttgaggaatcaccacactgtcttccacaatgtagccattctttttttcttaatatttttgattggtgattcgttgaatctgtgggtgcagaacccatggatactaagggctgtctgTATAGAGtttttgaaatattgtttacttaccaacaaattagttgtgatggcacctccttaaaaatatcttattcgaagttattcaaataaatattctttccctaagaatgaaatgacttaacatctgtgtacaatgaagcaaaaaataaaataaattatttatgtcaattatctaaactttaaaaaATGACAATGTGGCTTTAGTACCTAGTCATAATGGGCACTTGATATTTGCTGGATAAAGGGATGAAAAGACATAAAATTGCAATGAGATTTTATTGCTCTGTGCAGGAGAAATTCAACAGATGCTGTTAAATCCTTTATTTAAGTAAGTCTGGATTCTAGTATCTACTGAGCTGGTATGTTGAACCTCAAAAGTTGCCAATATTTTGCAAGTGCAAAATGTTGGAGAAGAGATGATGCTTCTTTCAGACGTCCCCTATAACCAACCAAGTGAGGGAGGCCTCCTTGATACCACAGCTAAGTATGTTTCTCCTGCTTTCATCAGCTCTGCCATGGACCTCCCAACCTACCATCCACTGGATTAACCAACCTTCCTAAAAGGTCAGTCACAACATTTCCCACTTA
>Human| chr2:122079624-122081123 | element 200276 | negative
tagtggcacacacttgtaatcccagctacttggtaggttgaggtgggagaatcacctgagcccaggaggtcaaggctgcagtgagccgagatcatgccactgcactccataccctgggcaaccagaatgagaccctgtctcaaaaaaaagaaagaaagaaaGTgccgagctcagtggctcatgcttgtaatcccagtactttgggaggccgaggtgggcacatcacttgaggtctggagtttgagatcagcctggctaacatggtgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagccggatgtggtggcacgtgcctgtaatcccagctacttgggaggctgagacaggagaatcacttgaacccaggaggcagaggttgcagtgagcagagatagcaccactgcactccagcctgagtgacagagacagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaagaagatgaacttctgcggagctcagccctactcagtgggactctgaggacagtggagacgggaaatcctccccaaagcccagaacctcaaggattacatcacgtatgatcctcttgtccaggagagacgatatgaggtgtggacctctctaatttgtgtgtggtagctaacggtcagtggtcaggaatttggaaaaagcaagacgggcaaagactggtaacaagagggttaaagaaagaaatagaatgaacccacaatgtgaggatatttgtgtcttttgtgaatgttccccaaagggtgcccattgcagaggaggttttaaataatctctttccctaaccagtacttactcatcgacagagtggaacagtggcaggggatggaggttatatattggttcaacagcatggaattgaccattccagagccaatttagctatggccactacagagtgcccaagcgacctactgcagaaatcaaccctaagccttcaaaatggcatcataccctgggggaccagtctgccacctgctgggggttgattgtactgggtcccctccgttatcaaggggcagtgatttttttcttattgaagtagggattaattctgCAAGTGAggccgggtgcggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccccggttggcagatcacctgaggtcaggagttcgagaccagcctggctaacatggtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaGTTAGCAACTAAGTTAAAAAAATGTAAAATAATAACTTAGGTTAGATCACTCCCTAATTCTACTCAGGGTAAAtaggcagaattcaatgtgggtcccatgattcttgccccactggccagatggctgtagaatgtccttcccttgcctgtgggcaggcctgacctgatcacatgagccctttacctccgggtctagaggtcagggatgaagtcagagagagatgaagctgcagcagatgcttttctgttggccttaaagagtgctgtggtctgactgtgtctccca
>Human| chr6:72572643-72574142 | element 200277 | negative
gagctgattggatcatgggagtggtttcccaatgctgttcttgtgataaggagggagttcttgtgagatgtgatagtttaaaaagtggcagtttccctttctctctctctctcctgccaccatataagaagtaccttgcgtccccttcaccttccaccatgattgttaatttcctgaggcctctccagccatgtggaactgtgagtcaattaaacttcatttctttataaattattcagtatcagatagtatctttatagccatgtgaaaatggacgaattcaccaccatcctactctttacttttttgagatgaactattttagactccacatgagtgagactatgcattatttgtctttttgtgcctggcctatttcacttaacataatatcctctgggtttatccatgttatcacaaatgacaagattttgttctgttttatggctgaattatattccattgtgcaaatataccatgcaatttttatccatctgttcattcaatgatggacacttgagtttatctcctgtcttttgtgaatagcattggaataatcatgagagtgccatatctttttgacaaactgatttcatatcctatggatatttactcagtaatggaattgctggatcatgtggagtattatttttaatattttgagaaaactccatacttttttctataatggtaataatcatatgcattcctgccaacagtgtgcaatggttcccatttctccatatccttgccaacactcattatcttttgtatttttgataacagccattataacagaagtgaggtgatatttcattgtaattttgatttgcatttccctgatgattactgataaacgggttttcatatacctgttggccatttgtatatcttcttttgaaaaatgtttattcaggtttttactcatttctacattggattatttattttcttgctattgagttgagttccttatacagcaatacatagctaaaatatgattatgtgttttgaggaatacgttatgtgattttgttatgtgaacatcatagagtgtacttacacaaatatagatggtatagcctattgctcctaggtcacaaacctgtacggcgtgttattgtactgaatactatgggcaattgtagtacaatggtaagtatttgtgtatctaaactaaaaaagaacagtaaaaatatggtattataatcttatgggacaatggtttgttgctgacagaaacattgttatgtagtacatgactgatattttatatattaattcctcatcagatgtatagtttgcaaatattttcttctattctataggttgtctcttcactctgttgattgtttcctttgttgtgcagaagctttttagtttgatgtagtcccatttgtctatttttacttttgttgtctctgcttgtgaggtcatatctaaaaaaccactgtccagactaatgtcatataacttctcacctacaatttcttccagtag
>Human| chr12:70541258-70542757 | element 200278 | negative
tgggaggaggaggttgcagtgagccaaggttgtgcctctgcactcgagcctgggtgacggagtgagattctgtcaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaagaaaagaaaaGAAGTTTATGAATGAACAGGAGAAAGTTGACTGTTGCTTGTGGCACTTATTCCTTGTCACGCTCTTCCTAGtagcccttagtttctttatctttacaatgaaggattgggcttggggtctttaaagatcccttccaatttaattattatatgatGATGTTTATTGTTTTGTTTAAAGAATTTAAGATGGCTGAAGTAGCAGTAAGGAAACTAGCAGAAATAATAACAGGGAGACAAAAGCAGACACAAAAAAAGCGCTAACCATGACCTATGTCATCTATGGCCAGAAGAGTCAAACAAACAAAAAACCCTTGGCCTATTAGGAAGATTTTGTCATATTCCaggattaagtgaaatcattatacaaagtgcctagcacagtgcttgCTAGTTCTGTATCCCTTTCTTATTCCCTGCATGGTAGGATTGACTAAAAGAAAGAAGTGTTCTAGGGATCATATAAAAGGCATAAAAATATCCCTACTAAGCAGGAACAAAGGTATTAGGAAAAGTAAAGATTAAAAACACaaaaattattattaataatatttGTACAGCACTCTTCAATCTAAGTACTTTAATATAAATTAATGCCCTTGTGTTTTACTAATTAACTATAAGtatttttaattattatttctttaattgtaatattttctaaaattCTACAATTCTGTAGATTCTAAAATTCTGTAATATTCTAAAATATTGACTTGTCAAAAGATAAACCAATAGATCATAGTTTATACTAATAATTTCTATTAATATTATAGCATTGGGAATTAATATGCTATGCTATGCAACTTTCAGCATGAGGGTTAGGATACGAAGTCACAGGAAAGAGCAAGATGTTATTGGTTTCTACTTTGCTGAAAGCGTAAAAATAGTTCAACTCTTTTGGAGCTTTAATTTAACCTAATTGTTATCTAATTTTATAGTAGCAAAGTTTCTCATTTAGCTGCTATCTTCTTTTACCAAAATGAGCATTCAGATGAAAAAGCTTACACTATCTTTTCAGCCTGGGTTTTTTGCTTTGttttatatttaatatttatattaaatatttGCAGCAGGCATAAATTTTTTAAGTACATGAAAATAGCACAAATAACTTAAATCCCATATCAAGTCTATTCCAGTTGATAGAAGCAGATGGTGAAAATGGGAAATTTGAGGTCTTAAAATACAGTTTTAAACAGCTAAGATATTGCCAGTTGGTTTTAGATAACTTTGGGTTGTACAAATAGAAAAATATTTGTTTAGGTTTAAATTGTTCTTTCTTCCATTGAGATTTTATTTAGTGATATCATAATTATTAATCCATTTCACATTTCTAGTCTTGAAACTTAATTTTCTAGAAATTTTATTAAAGTACAGGTACATTAGATTGGAAGAAATA
>Human| chr4:30057974-30059473 | element 200279 | negative
TTAACTCATCTACAACGAAACAATAGCAACAATTACAAACAAATAAAAACCTTAATAATAAATCACCACTATTGTGAGTTGAGGGTAAAGCAGGCATCTGCTCAGTTATAGAGTCAATAATTGATGCAGATATTTAAAGTGATGTATAGTGTGACTATCCAGGCAATAAAGATTTTATATGTATTCCATCATAAGGACCATGCCAGAGCTGTCATTTGCTGAAAGACTGAATCAGTCTTAATGCTGTCTCCTTAACAGCTCAATGACACATGGCTCTCTGGTAGAATGTCCTACTCCCATTCAGAGTGACCTTTGAAAAATTTACTTTACCCTAGAAGATATCTGAGGTTTTGAAAAATATAAAATCACGTAAGAATAATAATTACTGTTTATGGTAATGATAGAATAAGCATTCCACCGTGTGTATAAACATATCCCCTGGAGTAGAGTTTCTTCTATTACAATGCAATCTTCCTAATGCTATCATAACCCACATAGGTGGAGGGGAAGCATTACACTTAATTTTGTAGGAAAATTGAGCACCACCAAATCTACTACCATTAACTGTGATACAAATAATTTTATGTGCTATATAAAGATTATTACCCTAATATGCAGTTCAGATGGCTTTCTGATAACAGAGTCCATGCTGTATAGACTTGATAACAATGTTTCCAAGTGGACTTCCTCTCCATGAGACAGGCCTGGCAGAGAGCAATGGAGAACAAGTGTTGGCTGTCACATGTTTGATTACCTTCCTCACTAAACCCGTGAAAGAGAGGCACCGAGGTGCGAGGTGGCCAAAAAGTTCACAGCCATTTTCTTTTTCttttttttttttacttttataattaaaatttaattttaataaatGCTTGAAGTAGAGTTGCTCTGTCCCTCACCTACCAGCCCTGAGGCACTTCCATAACATTAAATCCTGGTTTATGAGTTCACAGCATTTAGAAAGCCTGGGGACAGGAGGCAATCCTTTTCCTAGCTATCTATGTTCAATAAGACATACGGACAAAGGGGAGGCAGCTAGAGGTGCGTCAGGCCATCCATTTTGTCAACTATGAAATCTGCAAATGGTAGTCTCCGCAACAATCTTATGAAAATATGTTTGCTGTGGGAAATAAAAAAGCCAGCAAGATCATTGCTTCATTGCTTTGCATCTTCCTAGCATTCAGTTACCAAGTGAACAAAAGAATACATCTAGCTCAGGAACATTCATAAAGAATGAGTCCCAAATTTGATAGAACACAGTAGTGTAACAGTGTCCTGCTGTGAATTTGTTTCAGAATCGGCAGGAGTATCAGTAGCATTACTAGGTATTTGGATTGGGATGTTAGTACTAGGGTCAGCAACAATTCTCTTGCTTTTAGCAACTGAGCTCTTTAAACAACTGTCAACTGCAGTATTTAACAAAATAATAAGACATGCAACCATTTTATTGTCTATTTCATCCTGGATAGGTGCTTTGGAGGCAAAAGATATTTTAAT
>Human| chr9:118557020-118558519 | element 200280 | negative
ttcattctccatgtcttaagccaaatgtcatttcttcaggaaagcctctcctcttccaattcctaaggtctttcttccttatattctcatagatccccaaacttccactggcataacactcaccaAGCATTTTTACAAAATTATGCTCTCCTTCCTCAATATGCTTGAGTTATGCATTTTTGAAAAAGTGTATGAAACCTAAAAATGCCATGGTAGAGCACTTCCTATAATAAATAACAGCAAAGTAATATTTTCCAGGATTCCCACTGCATTCTGGAGATAATGCATTTATATTATTCTTTTCTGTAGTCATAGTATTCAAATAGTCTGTATGCATATAATTTGCATTATTCAAATTCATTTTATGTTAATACAGGACAAAAgaattccagttaaaatgatgatctaacacatgtgtttttctatgtttccttctgagtcaccatgaaaatgatgataatcaagttataatgtataaattcacgatgattaagggaacttgaaacaaaatgacctggaaaagagggaacaacaaatttttggaagatgaaaagcagatgaataagtagtaactatcccaacagactggaaaatcctgaaacccaactgcctttcaaaagagattctaataaaaaccaagctgacttacatcataaaatctcagaaaggctaaaaaaattgtaagtactaggtagagggctaaacacacatcctactcatgaatctgtacaaggagctagacccctagatggactatactccgtgcagtgagccaactacttctttatgaccctttcaggaggcaattttttttgtatgtgggaatacagaatgagaaatgctttaaagttggaagtctagtcaagcaaaggctaggagtaagatgccactttgaaaataagagaatataagtgaaagagaatataagtgaatattctaaatggtgaccacacccttcccacaatctcttgtcaaccaaaaggcatacagaagatggtgggcagagatatggatggtttcttctctggagattctgagtggcccaaagagacaaacagaaaatagtgattttaagaaccccagtcaaacaatgtagtcactactagatcaccatacagggagggcaacccaacagtcaacaagtcctacttatgcactagatttttgttcttcattctttaatgtaaatgaatagtcaagtatcctgggacatttgaggacaggctctaccatgaaagacaaaatctgaaatgtaaaaccataatcagaagtttataataattgtaaaataaattattacattcacaaaacaagaatatgttgctataaaatggaataatctgagaacaacaaaaaatggttattgaaaattaaaatcatgattgtgccttaaaagtattttcaaattggattaaaaaataatgttgagaaaatatctctgaaagtagaggaaatagataaatacaaggtaagtgagggaaattttattattttcgagga
>Human| chr2:82390335-82391834 | element 200281 | negative
TCAGAAGTTTGAGCACTTATTTTGGGAGTCTGAGAGGGGGATCTATAATTAGAATAAGTCAGATAGAATGAAAATAAGAATAAAGCAAACAATTAACCTGATTGATGTTTTCCACTGGGGTATATTGGCTGGTTTTTCACAGAAAATGTAGAGACGGGTTACCTTTAACAAAACTCTCCTGTCCTGCTATTATACCTTACCAGTCGTTAGGACCTTTATAAACTGAAGTGTGGACACAACAGAGGGTTTGCCACTGAACTGACTTTGTTTCTCCTCACAAATGGACGGATCAAAATAATGACCAATTTGTTTAGTTGATTAAGGGAAAAAAATGTCAGCAAACACGTTACCCATGTGGTAAAATATTTTTTACTTTTTAGGAAATGTTTTCCTATCCCCATGGTAATAGCTGTTATCCCATTCTCAGCCACAAAATCAGAAAAACAAAGGGCGAGTAAGGAGGCTTTGTCTCATAGGTTTTGCTATCTTGTTTAAAGTATCAATGTCTTGGGGATGCCATCTTCTTAGGATTATACTAACATAGTTTGTAGGTTTTCTATAAGGCAGTATTACAATGCCAAAGCAAAGCCCTAGAATGAATGTTGATCTACAAACAGCTGGTCCTGTTAGAGGAACACTTAACTCCTCCAAATTAATTGACTTATTAAATCAGTTTACTCATTTTACTTATTTTTCTTTTACTTTCATTAAGTAGAAATAAGTGTTTAAATTTACCCAATTTTATTCATAACATGAGGGAAAATACCAATTGGTCTGAAGGTCACCCTAAATTTCTACAAATCCTCTTATAGGCATGTTAGGGCTTTGTTGGCTGAGAACAAGGTTGCCTGCAATTTTGAGAACGCTTTGATACTCTTGTCTCCTATGCATCCTTGACAAATGTGGCTGCTCCCATGTTCCAGCTTTTCCAGTGTCACTTGAGGATTCTATGATACCTGTGAACATGAATAGGTAATCCTCAGAAGTAGGAAAATAAACAAAATAAAGTGTTTGTAACTATCTTTTATGATTGGCATGTACAAATTAAATAATGAGATTCTTTCTTCAGTCAAATTGGCAATGTGTGTGTGTATTTTAACTTTTACTTAATATCCAGTAACTGATACATGGAAAAATATCTAAATGTTAATAAGTATGAAAGTGCTTAAGTAATTTATAGCTCAGTCATCCTGTGAAGCTAGGCAGGCTTGAAAAAGAATGATTTTGAGTTACAAGGCCCTAAAAAGATGGGCAAGGTATAATAATTTTTAAAACCTTAACAATAAACACCACAATGTATGGGAAATTGTGAGTCATCTTTAATGTTAATGTTAGAAAAATACGAACAAACGACAGACATACATTTTTAATGGCAAAATCATATCCAGAAGGATTCATATAACTGTAATAGGAGTGACTATCTAGGAGTGGTAATAAGTGAGAGATTTACAGTAGGATTCTCgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgACa
>Human| chr12:31842755-31844254 | element 200282 | negative
ttagtggtcatttgtgagattttggtgcaaccatcaaccaagcagtatacactgaacccgatttttagtcttttacccctcacctccttcccaccctttccccctgagtccccaaagtccattatgtcattcttatgcatttgcatcctcataatttagctcctacttatgagtgagaacgtatgatgtttgcctttccattcctgagttacttcacttagaagaataatctccaatcccatccaggttgctgtgaatgccattaattcattcctttttatggctgagtagtattccattgtatacatataccacagtttctgtatccactcgttgattgatgggcatttgcattggttccacatttttgcaattgcaaattgtgctgctataaacatgtgtgtacaagtatctttttcgtataatgacttttttctctgggtagacacccagtagtgggattgctggatcaaatggtacttctacttttagttatttaaagaatttccacactgttttcaatagtggttgtactagtttacattcccaccagcagtgtagaagtgttccctgttcaccacatccacaccaacatctattatttttttattttttttattatggccattcttgcaggagtcaggtggtatcgcattgtggttttgctttgcatttccgtaatcacaaatgatgttgagcattttttcatgtttgttggccatttgtatatcttcttttgagaattgtctattcatgtccttagcccactgtttgatgggactgtttgcttttttcttgctaatttgtttgagtttgttctagattctggatattagtcctttgtcagatgtatagattgtgaagattttctcccattctgtgggttatctgtttactctgctgactattccttttgctgtgcaaaagctgtttacatttaattcccagctatttatctttgcatcaaatggtaaaattataaataaattatggcatatccatactatggaacactacttagcaataaaaaggggctgagtgtggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccagggtgggtggatcatgaggtcaggagaccgagaccatcctggctaacatggtgaaaccccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaaaattagctgggcatggtggaacatgcctgtagtccccactacttgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttgaacctgggagatggaggttgcagtgagccgagatcatgccactgcactccagcctgggtgatagagcaagactccgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggaatgaaatattaacatatgcaataacatggatcaatctcacaaacactatgctaagtgaaggaagtaaaataaagaaataaaaaccaaaatagtatattATATTCTGCAGAATTCCATTATATaaaattatatgtatataaaattgaatttatatacaattatagaa
>Human| chr12:87802518-87804017 | element 200283 | negative
aagcagcaaagtgtttcaaaagtaggcaggctgcttctaaaagcctatgctcatatgcctgaacaaagaaatgatctggaactgaaacttacatttcaaagggaagcagaaggtaaaggtttggaaaatttgcaaactggtcctgtggtagaaacaaaagacccattttcacagaagaaattgaagcaggctccagaaacttgcataactaaaaaaggcaagtactaatggtcaagacaatgataaaaaagccctggaggcacttcagagacttttgggccagacactcccatcacagacactctcatcacaggcttcttcccagaagcatagggggacagagtggtttcatgggccaggctcagggccctgctgccctgcgcagtcttgggacagtgcttcctgcattccagctgctccagctccagcctaggcttaaaggggcccggagaatcaggctgctgcttcaacgggtgtgagccataagccttggtggctttaatatcaagcttgcaggtacacagagtataaaagtttaagcttgggagcctccactagatttcagaagatgtatagaaaaatctggatgtacaggtaaaagactgcggcaagggcagagcccccatggagaaccactactagggcaatgtggaaggaaattgtgggattggagcccccatacagagtccccactagagcactacctagtggaattgtgggaagacagccactgtcttccagaccccagaatgggagattcattgacagcctgccccgtgcacgtggaaaagtgatgtcaatcaatgccagcccttgagagcaaccatgggaacagccctgcagaggcacaggggtgaaccttcccatggccttgagagaccaccccttgtgtcagtgtggcctggatgtgagatatggagtcaaaggagattattttggagctttaagatttaatgactgctctgctgggttttggacttgcatggagcctatagcccctttcttttggtcaatttctcccttttagaatgaaagcatttacccaatgcctgtagccccattgtatcttggaagtaactgacttttgtttgtttttgttttgttttgttttaattttgtgggttaacaggcagaagggactagtttcatttcagataagactttggacttctgagttaatgctggaatgatttaacactttgggagaccattgggaaggcatgattatattttgaaatgcaagaaggacataagatttggaagggcccaggggcagaatgatatggtttgggtctgcatcctcacccaaatctcatgtcaaattgttccaagacccaacagagggtcaggctgctatttctcatggcccaataatgagaggcagatgaactggggaggaagagagtttttatttctctacccagttacagggagaagacctggagattatcaccagatcaactcaaaattacaaagttttccagagcttacatatcttct
>Human| chr7:127140359-127141858 | element 200284 | negative
ccagcctacaatcagcttttcaagttccaccaaaaatgaaacaaaaaaacaaccctgttgaaaatttttattaaaattccaatgaagctataaatcactgtggaaagaatcaatgtctcatgatagtgagtcttctaatgtatcaacatggtatatctctccactcatttagatcttctttaatgtctttctataaagttttataatttatttcaaaggggtcatatacatcttttggtagatttattcctaagtaccatattttttgttgctattgtaaatgagattttctttcttctgttgcactttctatttgttgatggcaaaaaagtttatacaacaatatgatatccaaccatcctctcattaattccataagaagcctatagattctttgaactttcttggtagacagtcatattatctgcaatgaccaatttgtgactcatttatttcttgccttactgaaaatccgataaaatgttgatgaaaactgacaatggtggaagttttttgccttttcctgttcttaaaagaatgcttccaaaatttcaccaagaataatattCTATAATTCACTAAGAATAATGTTCtagtattggaagtcctggccagagcaatcaggcaagagaaagaaataaagtgcatccaaatagaaagataagaagtcaaactatccctgtttgcagatgacatgattctatatctagaaaaccccataatgttggcccaaatgctccttcagctgataaacgacttcagcaaagtttcaggacacaaaatcaatgtacgataatcacttgcactcctatacaccaacaacacccaagctgagagccaaatcaggaatacaatcctattcacaattgccacaaaaagaataaaatacctaggaatacagctaaccagggaggtgaaagatctctacaatgagaattacaaaacactgctcaaggaaatcagaggtaacacaaacaaagggaaaaacatcccccatgctcatagataggaagaatcagtatcactaaaatggccatactgcccaaagcaatttacagattcaatgctattcctatcaaattaccagtggcactttcacagaactagaaaaaaactattttaaaattcagatggaaccaaaaaaagagcccaaatagccaaggtcctaagcaaaaagaacaaagctggaggtatcacgttacctgacttcaaactatacaacagggctacagtaaccaaaacagcatggtactgctacaaaaacagacacatagaccaatggaacagaatagaaaccccagaaataaggctgcacacctacaaccacctaatcttcaaccaagctgacaaaaacaagcaatgaggaaaggactccctattcaataaatggtgctgggataactggctagccatatgcagaagattgaaacaggaccccttccttacaccatatacaaagccaactcaagatggattaatgacttaaatgtaaaacccaaa
>Human| chr1:194498742-194500241 | element 200285 | negative
ttcagtctaccagccgaacttgtgtcctcatgaaacattcttttctcaatagcctcttcaacaaacagggaactatatcttccatcttagtgtgcaaatcagccagggaagtagtcatcatgcttgcctcttctttcacctcctataactgagacaacactgaattcactttaccttcttaatattttgcacatcttgcatttgttatttgttgtgcatctctaccattaattaatccaacctctcatgactaactactagaagagtttccttcctcttctcattgttttacttgtgacctaacaaacaattatgcagactgtagtcagggttttccttttaagaaaaattaaaacctccgatcatgtaactttcctTGATAAAAGTGTATTTCAAGCATAAATTTCAAATAAATAATTCCAATTTCATTGGTATTACAATTAAGTCATAATTTTCATTTCATGAAACAATATATTGATTCCTTTTCTAGAAAAAAAGGGCTGTCTTAAATTTGTATGAGCAATTGTATGCATCAAAACATTATCTTTAATAGAGAGCTGTGGTAGGCTACTACATTATTGCCTATTGACCCAGAATTATATCAAAATGACCTATTGCATATAAATACATATATACACTGGGTTTCTATGTTTTTAAGTGGCTGGGGTCTTAAACAATTTTGATGATTATACAGTATCATGAATAATCATCATTTAATGAAAGATAACATTAATAAGTTTTACCATTTTGCATAAAATCAAATATTTATGCTGAATATACTCAGAGTTCCTGATGAGTTTACAGGACATAATAATTTAAGGTATATGTGAACTAGCTGTTTTCTCTCTAGAATTTTTTTGTAAGAAAGATAACCAATGCTAAATGTGATCTGTTGATTTGGCTACTTGTTTTTTTGGTAAGAAAGATAACCAATGCTAAACATGATCTGTTGATTTGGCTGCTTTTCTTTTTCTTTTTAATAATTAAGATAATAATGCCTTAATGAAATATATGCATTTGCTCTATGTCAAATATATGCTTTCCACTCCACAGATAGCAATTTGTCTTTATTATCTTATAAGTCTTGTGCCTTTGGAATTTGGAAAGATAATTAAATATACAGCAGAGGTATTTTATCTGGAGAAAGCACCTAATAATATAGGTTAATTAGCTTCTTGAATAGCAATACAACTATAATGAAAAGCCACAAAGGAATACAAGAGCAATTAAAAACAGGATTTAGGTGCCCTTTATTTTTttctcttgactgattgctctggctagaacttccagtactatgttgaatagaaatggtgaaagtgagcatccttgtcttgttccagttctcaggaatgctttcaactttccccattcaatataatgttggctgtgggtttgtcatatattgtttttagtattttgacgtatgtcctttctattctgatattgctgagggttttaatcataaagggatgctgggtttggtcaactgctttttct
>Human| chr9:132004521-132006020 | element 200286 | negative
ggttattttacagatgaggagacccgagaccagagagggaccgtgactgcccaaggtcacatagATCTTTGGCCTAACTTGACACAGCATTCATTCACAGCCTGAGCACCGCTCTACGGAGCTCCTGGACAGATCTGCGTGTCCCCTCCTGGGAGTCCCATCCACTGGAGCCGCAGAGTGGGGGCAACACTGGACCCTGCATGCTGGTTGGGAGGGGAactggaagagtgggcttcattccacgtatagggggagccccaaagagtctgtagccaaggaagtgacagggtctgatttgcttttagaggatctctgaggctactgggaggagaaggcgtggagctgggtgagaatggaggcagggaggcctaggaggggctggcggtgatgaggctggggttgaggaggaggccgcaggaagggagacaaagggaggcatttggaaagcatccagaagtcgcgtggctgggacctgataacaggtgtgagccaggggctgagaggcagggaggacttaaggtatgcaaggacagctgagggaggatgggtgtcattcgcagattggaggagccctggaggaggagccagtctggctggggtgcaggagggcagggtgacaaagatccagttttggccaaggtgcctttgggtcatgagtggggacatgcagtGTCTGTGAGGGTGGCTGGGATTTCGGGGCAGCCATGATCCAGTCGAAGCCCTTCCCCAGCCCCTGGCCTCCAGCAAAATCAGGACTTGGGGCCTGTTCCTTGGGGCCTCGGGAACACGCAGATCTCATTCCCCGCCCCAGTTTCTCTGGAAGGAAAACACCCAGGGCCTCGGTGGAACCGGCATTAATTTCCCCTGTTCGGCTCATCATTCCATCATCACGAGAGAGCCAAACAGATGACCATTTCGTCATTGCATATGCCCATGCGGGGCTTCCGTAATCTGATCACTTAATCACATGCTTATTCCATGAGGACGGAGGCACGGGCAAGCTCTGGGGCCCACTCCTTGGGCAGCGCATTTTGGACCAAGTCCCTTAGCGTTCCTGGCTGCCTCTGTTTCTCTGCCTGCCTTGGGAATCCAGACAGCCTCATGACAAGAGGAGATGAGGCAGTGGTTGCGGAAGAGCCTGGTCTCTCAGCCACAGCAGCCACGAGGTGCTGGCAAGCTCTCTGCAGCCTGTGCTGCTGGGAGGTAGAGGCTTCGGCAGCTTGTCCTCCTTGTGGCCTAACACACGCtgcccgtctccccacttgcatggaagccccaggaggacacgcagtttgtctctttggttcatcagtgcctgggacagtgcctggcacatgagggagcttaggtgaagtttatcgaaATTTCCCAtttgtctttttgttttgttttgtttttaagacagtgtctcgctctgtcgccaaggctggagttcagtggtgtgatctcaactcactgcaacctccgcctcctggattcaagcaattctctgcctcagcc
>Human| chr10:94805059-94806558 | element 200287 | negative
GACTAAATTAATCTAGCTGTTGGATTCTCCAAGTGTTCATTTGCTTTATTTTAAGTCATAACCATTGAGGTGGGGCAAGAGGGAGAAGAAGCACTTAGATTCTTTTGAATTTAGAAAAACTAGTTATTCTCTTCCCTCGTGTTTTTCTTAACAATTGTACTGCGGAAATCCTAGCCTGGTCTGGCTTCCTTCATTCAAGCAACTGCCATATCCTGGAGTATAGACATGTTGGCATACAATTTTTTCATTGGCTAATTCATATTGTCTTCCTTTGTTGCTCAAGTTCTTCCAAAGTCAATTCATACAAGCAGATCTTATTTCTTCGTAGCTTCAGTGGAGCAAAGTGACTTATCAGAGAGAACTGAAAGTCTATTGAACACCTCTCATCATGAGTTTCAACGTTTGATTTCCTTGGTATTAGAGGTCTTTGAGCTTCATTGGTGAAGTCATTACATAACTACTTGTTATGCAAGTGTAGCAGATGATGTAGTGAATCTGTACAGAAAATTAAATGTATGACCTGGGAATGTTTATTTAACATGTTTGATGGTGGCATCACTAGTTTACAAAAGGAGCAGAACTTTGGTTGTGAAATATTTTAGTACGTCCTATGGCACAAATTAAATCAATCAATAAATAGCCTAGTCTGGCTTTCAGAATAATTATAAAACATTACTAAAATTCAGAGATGTCTTAATTACTAGTAGTTTAGATGTCAAGTAAATGATAACATAGCCCTATTATCAGTATATATGATATGGGCTCAGTGTAGACTTATGAAATTATGTATCAAAAGGTAACATATGCAGTGAATCtcaacagatatttagttgatgcctagtatatgccagttaccgggctaaatgtgaagatacagatactaagcaaaacaagtcactagctttgaggcacttacaAAGTACATTATTAGAAGGAGGAAAAAGGCACTTCAACTGTTGAGATATTGGAAGGAGATAAGTGCTGGGATAACTATGATTCACCCAGACTAAAAATGGAATTATTGATATTTGATTCTTTGGTGGATACACAAACTAACCTCTAATGTCAATATACTGtgaaaaacactgtgatacagatatgtggagggtagtatgaggacacaaaaaagagtgacagctaacccaaccaaggtggtctggagaggcttcctgggagactgatttagacttaagtgttatggactaagtaagagctacctgagtgaagaaggagggaaaggagactccatacagaagAGCTGAGGAATGAGGAGTGTCCTAGGGTAGTCATGGtttcctttttttttttttatgagaccgagttttgttcttgtcacccaggttggagtgcaatggcatgatctcggctcactgcaacctctgcctcctgggttcaagcaattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggtgcccaccaccacgcccgactaattttgtatttttaagtagagatggggtttcaccatgtt
>Human| chr7:132345251-132346750 | element 200288 | negative
AGAAGTTAAAAGCATTGGAATCCTTCACGTATGTTGCAAGAGGAAGCTTAATTTATTTTTGTGAAGTTAGAGTACATTTCCTCACCCATACCCACAGACACCTACAAGAGAACTTGGAAAATAAGGAGCTGGCGTCTGCCTCTACTCAGCCACCTGAATAAAAAGCCCACATGTAACCAGTCATGGTGTCAACACCCGAAGTTGTTGTAAAAGCCCATATGCATTTAGCCATGGTGTTAGCACTCAGAGTAAGAAGGTGAGCTTCAGCAGTAGGCCTTTGTAAGGAGAAGGCTACATTTCATCTCAGAAAAGCTACCACCAATGCGCTTACCCTCTCTAAAGAAACTCAGAAGAACTTGAAGCCTAATAAATATGTGCCACTTTTTCTCACTGTCTGGACATTAACCATCAAAACACCTTTAAAATGACAGGGAGCCGTAATATATTATTTTGTCTTAAAGAAAGAATGAATTTAGGActagtcatattcttcctgtagctagtgttgtgtccatggatccatcacctctgcctctgagcttcagtttcctcctctgaagactgagaagctgaatatgaggctaagattctttctagctcaaattttctgtgttccaAAAACATGATGcattacttgagctcttcctatgtgcctggcactattctaggtgattataaatgtacagtatgtcctttaatctccaacaacaatgcatccttttcatccctgttttatgaaaaaggaaacagatccacaaagaggccaagCTAGGGAGGAACCGAGTCAGATGTCTGTATCCTGAAAGTAACTCTGAGCCTGATCCGCTCAGGCACTGGAAGCTTCCCTACATCCCCTTTCTCCAATTTCTTCAACACAACCTGAGCAGACGCTTGCATGTGCAGTTCTTTTCATCTTTCCCCTGACATCACCCCAATCACCTAAGTTACTTGTCTCTGAATTGCCTTCAATTTGTCTTCATCTTTCTAGAACAGAAGAGATGATGGCAATGCACCTTGCAGGTGCAGTTTCCTTGGGGACCCCTGAACAAGGAGGTAAACTTCATCTGTTGAAGTCTCCTATAGAAGAGTAGAGAGTCTGTCTGGATGGTGCTGCCTAAGAGGCAAGAAACCACAGGACCCAAAAATAGCCATGGAGCACCACTTGGGATAAGTGCCCAATAAatgaaggggtagggaaatagagcccagggaaaaaggttaaagaaattggaattTGCTCACATAAACATAGTAAAACTGATCAAtattgggagacacttctccatgggactcagctttttgcatgtcttgaaagcaaggtgttattttatgttctagattaccttttcaagagtatttgtatagcaaacatccctggaagataagatggggtctcactccagagtgaagaacaggaatgtttactgcccattagaaaagatttggattctctaagctcggggtttctctcttacaataaaacttgctctgtgtacaggt
>Human| chr18:31073594-31075093 | element 200289 | negative
gcacacacctgtttgactgtctgcttctcagccatgttgtgatgccacacatggccctcatcaggatccagccagatctggccacctgatctttgactttcaagccaccaaaattgtgagcaaaataaacttcctttatttgtaaattacccagcctcaggtcttcagttatagcaacactaaacggactaaaacaGCATGTCACGTGGCAGCTGGAGGCTGTCATCACTAGTCAGGTCAACACAGTCCCATTAGATCACTGCTAGCCAGTCCAGGGCTTGCATGGATGGCCCCTCATGGTCCCACAGCCAGTCAACCTCACTCAGAGATGTTGCTTTCCTAACATGGGACAGAAACAGTTCACAGTATTTTGCCTTTATAATTCTACCTGGTTCTCCACTGAACTCCACCTAACAGCTGACCTAGACTCTGTGCCCAGTTGAACTTTCTGCTTGGCAGGAAATTTTTCACTCAGTGCTCAATGTTTAGTCTCTATTTAATAGTTTTGTTTTCTAAACAATATGTGTAATAATACCAGTTTCTTGATTTTCTTGATTAGACtttttttttttttaatatggagtcttgctctcttgcccaagctggagtgcgatgatgagatctcggctcacttcaaccttcgcccctctgcctcctgggttcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtagctggggctacaggcaccctccaccacacccagctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttccacatgttggccaggctagtctcaaactcctgacctcaagtgattcatctgacttggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaagcatgagccattgagcctggccTAGACTTAGTTTTCTTTTTGAAAGTCATATGAAGTTAAtactactcctgtaacaaatttgtacaaccttagtggtttaatataacacaaattcatttgcgtattgctctggagatcagaagtctaaaatccatttcaccggcgaaggtgtcagcaaagctgattccttctggaggctcctaggacagaatccatttccttgcctttctcatcttctagtggttgcctgtgttccttggcttgtggccaccttcctccatcttcaaagcacttcaccccagtccctgtttccagcatcataccacctattcctatgactttgactccctctgcctgcttcttataaggactgttttgattataatgggcccatcggtacaatcgaggattatctccccatctcaagcatctttatttagtcacatctataaagacccttttgccatatatggcaacattcacagttctaggaattaggaagtagaaatatttaggtggtcattattgggcatacAGCAAAAATGCTTTTAAGAGAAAATGGGGAATAAAGGAAGGAAGGAAAGATACAAGAAAGAGAGAGGAGGAAACAATAAAGAAGATTTTTGCAATACATGTATAAAAGCAAAAGCAACACAGA
>Human| chr18:6947172-6948671 | element 200290 | negative
CAAGCTCTAGTCCAATGGCATCCACTTTGGCAGTGCTGATCCCCAGGAGGACGCCATTCTGCGAGGAGGTTCGAAACTCCAGTGTGATGTTCACATCTGACTGGACTTTGTAGCCCTCTTTGACTGTAACACACAAGGAGGACCCAAGTCAGGGTGAGCGCTGCCAGGCCCAGGTTGAGCATTTGGCCTCCTggctaggggttgggggacctggctctagctcctcctttggatccagctgcatccccaccagcaggtcactcctgccctctgagcctcggcttccacatctgggagatgacgtggAGCTTTTAAAGAAGACGCATGCAGTCAGCCAGGTCAGAGCAGAGCCAGGCACCTCCTTCATCTGTGGCCACAGAAGCACGTGGCCCTGCCTCACCCTGTGGACACGTCCTCCCTGCGGCAGTCTTTCCCGTGGGCTGTTGGGATTTGATCCCTGGAATCCCTTTATCATCATCCGAGAATAGTCCACTTTATTTTCCTAGTATCTGTGTACTTGTGGGAATCATCATTTACTGAGTGTATcagagtccatactaagtttgttaaaggtggggattgaatggaatgcttttttaattcaggtgataaaaaagccgaggagccacactgggtggggctattgacaacagcaggcagttgttaccatgcccagggctgaagggaaaaggggagaagatggtatgcccagagctggggggtgcaaggggagctgaggccatggagggggctgcccagcagggctggagcctgagccccaggaacaggagaaaggaagcacagagtgaacgagagatgttctgctggcttccccctcttccccacccaaacttctgcacagcctccctggcGCCAGCTGGTCTAGACATTTTATGCTGCTGATTTTTAATTCAAAGCCCTTTCTTAACTTGGACAGTAAGTGTGCATTACAGAACCTGGGGAAACTATAGATGAAACTAGCACCCCATGTCTGGCCTCTGTCAGGAGTCACACCACTCCTTGGGGGAGACTTTGTCAGGCCATCCAGATAGCACAAGACCTGAGAAGGCTTTTTACGCCAAGAAATTAGGAATCAACTGGAATACTAAACTCAATGTGGTTTTCCTGCAGCCTTGTCCAGTGGGTCCTGTCTTATACTCTTGGATCCACATCGCTTTAGAGTACAGACTCATTCGGGGACTGCCTTCGAGAGTGTTGCTAACACATACCAAGAGCTGCATATCCGCTTCCGTCAAAGTATGTTCCTTCCTGGGCCACTGCGTAGCACCTGTTCACCGTGAAGGCAGACACCGGGCTGTCCTTGTCCAGCTGTTTGCTGTTAACCGTCACATCCCCAATGCAGGCAGGGATGCTGTGGGTGATCTAAGCCAAATGACATGCAAGAGTAGACAGTGGTGATTCTAATGGGAAGGGTTTGGACACATTTTCCTTCCACTTCATCAGACTGGTCTCAGCAAAACACATTAAAATGTAATCTTT
>Human| chr9:22797289-22798788 | element 200291 | negative
gcccttaaagaactcctaatctaCATAGTCTACTGACAAAATAAACTGGTAAATCCATAGTCATGGGGAAAATTAGCACATATGCATCTgtgccctgcattcataatataattcaaatacaataacaactcaatgacatgtgtactattactatttgcatattgtaaacaaaatgactaaaacatacattttaatgacttttccaaagtccactagttaataaatgcagtgattcaaagttaggactgtttgacaccagagggccacttttaaacatcatgccatactgcctcactTATCCACTACAATATTATAGCAATGATAGAGGTAACAAAGAGTGCTAGACTTTTCTTTTTGGTTCCTTTGGTCCAGAAACTGAAGAGAATAGTTCTTTTAGGGAAAGGTGAAGTGACATTTGAACTTGGCATGAAAATGTAGATTGCCACTTGAGGAAGGAATTGATAATAAGACTTAGGCAAAGAAAAGGGAAAAGGAAGTTCAGAGAAAGATGGTATTACTGTAGCTAGGATTTAGAATATTCAGGCTAGTCTGGTGAACATGAAGAAAGAATCCTAGATATAAGGAAAGAAGTATCAGATTGGGGGAGGATTCTAAAGAATCATATATAGTagtgcttctcaaattttaaagtgcatgagagttacttgaggtgttcattccaatgaaaattctgactagaaaagtctggggaaaagcctgatagtctgcatttctaacaagcacacaagtaatgatgctCATATTTTGAGCATCAAAATTATATACCATACAAAGAAACATGGATTTGTTCAAATATTGAATATGCAATTGAATTTTTATGGGCAAGGGAGGAATATGGTCAGGTTTCTATTTATTTCAAAAATAAACAATAATTTTTGCATCACTGCTCAGGGTGACTTTCCTACCTTCTATACAGAAATGCATAGGGCCAAATAAGATATACTAGGCTTTGAAATTATTTATTGCCAAAATATACTAGATATTATTAGTTAGGATGTTCACCTTTCCTTGATATATAATCTTTTCAATATACACTAAAAGATAGATAGGTCTTCAATGATTCTAAGTGAAGTACAAGATACTAAATTGATTCACACCCTTGTATAATATTTTTAGTTGCCAATAAACATGATTGGATGATTTTATGCATTGATGGAGGTCTACTATTGGTTTGCCAAATGGGACAAATTTAAGCTTGTGAAGGAAAAGAAGATTGTTGTGCCTGCCAAATGGTTTAGACACAGCAAGCAGAGACTTAACCACTCAGCAGGGTCTCCATCCAATATCTACGACTGCTGTGTGTGTGTATGTCCTGCACTTCAAAGAAGCCAGTTTCGAACAAGAGCCCTTGAGATTCATAATCAGTAACTCCCACAGGCTTTACAGAGATATGCACCATTTGGTTTAAAGGCATAGCAGTAGCATAGTTGTAATAGGACAGCATATTTCTTTTCCCCAAAGGGTGGTGAGTCAAGGaaa
>Human| chr9:78351459-78352958 | element 200292 | negative
CTTTTGATTCAACTGCTCAAACTATTTCTAGGAACATCAGAAATGTTGAACTGCAGTTAACATAAGCCTGAATTTCAAAGAAAACTATTCTGCAACATATTACCTTCAGCTGGGATATAGACTAAAAGAATAGAATATCTCAAAGTTTCTAATCAAAGAACCTCCTGGCACTTCTTAAGAAATTAGTCTCAGGTCACACACCTCTCTCTATTACTTTTAGAATCCCCAAGAGAGGAATGTGCAATTTGTAGTGCCTTTAGTCTTATAAGATGCtagagcagtagaaaggacagtaaactaggagtcacccagacataaagtctagccctagctaactcttacctaactctgagaccattcaaaaattgcttactatctctaggcctcaagttttcataccacaaaatgttgattctatttcctacactatctcttccataggaatgctgaccaaatgCACTGCAAAATTAAATATATACCACTGTTTTGAAATTTACACAGCCCTACATGGGCATGGTTAAGATCAGACAAAGGGTACAAATCTATCATTTATATTTGCATGGTTTAATCAGTAGCATTGCACTCTTGCTCCTTTTACAGTTATGATGGTAAACTAATTCTAAATGCTTTTGATTGAAATTTTTAATCAAGCAGTGGTAACTCACACATAGGGtgtattagtctgttcccacactgctaataaagacatacctgagactgagtaatttattggtattattattattttgagatggagtcttactcttgttgcccaggctggagtataatggtgtgatctcagctcactgtaatctttgcctcacagattcaagtgattctcctccctcagccgcccgagtagctgggattacaggcacccactatcttgctagctaactttttttttgtttttgtatttttagtagagacaggatttcatcatgttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctgatctcaggtgatctgcctgcttcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccatgccaggccaagactgggtaatttataaaggaaagaggtttaattgactcacagttcagcatggttggggaggcctcaggaaacttacagtcatggcagaaggggaagcaaacacatccttcttcacatggtggcaggagagagaatgagagccgagcaaaggaggaagccccttataaaaccatcagatctcatgagacattactcactgtcacaagagtagcatgtgggaaactgcccccatgattcaattacctcccaccaggtctctcccaacacacatggggattatgggaactacaattcaagatgagatttggatggaaacacagccaaaccatatcaCAGAGCAAAGCTTCTATTTAGATAAAGTCTCAGTTTTCCTTCTCTTCTGAAAGTAACATTTTGGCAAATTATGAGAATCTGCAGAAAGACTGACACCTTCAAAAGCACTGGGGACAGCAAGGG
>Human| chr7:15346232-15347731 | element 200293 | negative
GTTACCTTGCTAAAAAGTTAATATGGTTTATGGCACTATTAAGGATTGTTAATGCTTCAAATAGTTAGATTTTAATGTTTAGAATTAGCACAATTTAAGTTTTCACCTACTATTTTAGATTGTACTAGTTCTTATAGGCTGAGGAATATGTCCCTAAACTAAGATTTCTACTTTATTATGCTAAGTATGCCACATTGGAAAGGGCTGTTGGAGAAACATAAATTATTCAGTTAGTGTATAAAATATTATTACAATAAGTTATAATCATAACAGAGGTAATGAACTCTTTGTATAAAATAGTTTGCAATATTAAATGCATACGTTACAATCATGAGAAATAATCATTAAAGCATACTGAATTTTGGTGAATTTTAATATAGAAAGTTGTACAAAGATCTACACTTAAAATTATTCAAAAACGAAATAATTATAAAGTGATTCCAAAAAATAAGTTTCCATTTGTAATTTTGCAGTTCACCCATCACTAATAGGACAAATCTACTAGTAATGATGATGACATTCATATATTACAATATCTTATTATCCAGTCTAGTTATCTAGTTGTTAACAGTCTTGTGAGAGGTGAGGACATAATTTATATTCCCTTATGACAGACTGTTCTGCGGCCATAAAACGTGGGAATCCTTGTTTGACATGACTTGTCTTCAAAAGCCAAGCCCATCTATTTGGAAGAAACCTTGAATCACCAATTTTATCACATGGTAAAAAGTTAAAATAGGCATTTACCATTACTTATAAATATAGTTCAAAATATTTAATCTAAAAGTGACAGTGCCAGTGGTGAATAAAACTTTATTTAGATGGGCTAATCAATTAAACTCTAAAAGAACAGGACTCTAGTTGATTTGTTTTAAAACTAGTAAGGATGTTCTGAAATAAATCAGTAAAGTATACTAGTTTTTTTTTTCTTATGAAGCCTATAAGAAGGACACTATAATTACCTAATCATATAATTGTATTAAAGCAAGGAACAATAAAACATTtcccaaggtgattgcttctatgcatatagtttcaattactatcttcaaactgacactcaaatttacacctccagctctcacctagtttcctaagttacagatttgcaactgagatttggatatctcacagtaaacatgcccacaaacaaactcagtatctctcctttcagatctttgccttttcctgggtctccatctcagtgcaaatatggactcaccaattcagaaatttacaagactaaataagacccatacctccttcatatcccacctctgagcaatcagtaaaCAAGTGTGATGGAGTTTTTATTTTATGTCTCTCTCTTGTCAATCCTATTAGTTCCTAACGCCTAATGGTTTGACCTAACTCTATTCTCTCCCCACTTTCTAAATACCTGGAATTTCCCCACAAGCTTCAATACCTCCAGGCTTGCTGGTCCTCACTACACCCCTTCAGTTTTCCATCCATTACCCACAGGCTGCCAGGAAACATTTC
>Human| chr18:56587775-56589274 | element 200294 | negative
AGTCTAAAATGTTTGGAGTGTAATGAAGTCTTCCAGGACGAGACATCACTGGCTACACATTTCCAGCAGGCTGCAGATACGAGTGGACAAGTAGAGTATCATTTAAATTTTTGTGTTTCAGTGATGAGTCTGTAGGCATGAGTGCTTGATAAGATGCCCTTGATTTTAGGGTGGGAATGCAGTGAAATGGACgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtTTGGGGAGGGGAGGGGGAATGCCTGTGCAGCCGGGCACATGATCCAGTAAGGATTGTTTTCATAGAATAGAAACAATTAGCTGGGGATgtggtggtggcagtggtgttggaggtggtagcaggagtggtagtggcagtggtggttgtggttgtggCAgcagtggcgtgtgcctgttgcgccagctatattcgggaggctgaggtgggaagattgcttgagcccaggagtttgaagctgcagtgagctgtgattgagccactgcactgtagcctagcattggggcgagatcatatctctttaaaaaaaaaagaacagaaaCAATGTTGAAACATGAATCTTATTTTAGTAAAACGAGTTTTTTGAGGGGAGGATAATATATATATACTAGTTGAGTTGTGGAACTTTAGATTTTGGTAATCGTTTGGTCATTGGAATGTATATTGAAAGTCTGAGATTTAGCGGATTATAGTGTCATCCCATTGTATTAAGTATTTGAGCCCGGCTTCATCATCAGAGCTCCTGAGTTAGTGACAATTTTGATATTTAGAAAAATACTTACTGTTATTTATTTATCTATCTGCTGGCAGCTCTACTGAGCTTACTGTTGTTATTTATAATGCTGATCTTACTTTTACAGTTAAATGCATTTATCAGTACCCATTTCTGTGGCATGTCTGCTTACTTAAGATGGTGGTCCAGAAGTGTGTTCAGTAATATCCTTCACTGCAATGAATTTAAGCCACAAATGGCAAACCCATCTCCAATTAAACAGAATACCTTTGTGTGTGTTTGCAGCTTTTGTTTTGTAGTGAAGTGCAGGTCAATGTTGGTGAATTACATTTCACAGTGGGCATCAATCAGCCTTTTATCTCCATCATTTGCTACTTCATGAGGCAACTTTTAGCTAATAGATAAATGTGTTTATCATAAATATATAATCTATTATTTGGAAGTAATTAGACATGTTGAATGAAATAAATTCGAGTTAGACCATGTGACATATTGTCCAAACTAGAAAGCTTGTGAAATTTCActgggcacagtggcttatgcctgtaatcccagcactttaggaggccgagacaggtgaattgcctgagctcaggagttcgagaccagcctgggcaacatggtgaaacctcatctctaacaaaaataccaaacattagccgggcttggtggtgcatgctgttggtcccagctacttgggaggctgaggtgggaagatcagttgagcctgagaggtggagg
>Human| chr5:107523331-107524830 | element 200295 | negative
tggaaacagccctcagctgccagccgggaagagataaggacctcagacttacaaccttaaggaatttaattctgccaaaaaacctgtaggagtgagcaagaaaacagatgctcccttcagaaacacaatccagctgacaccttgaatttagcctggtgagacctgtgtcagacaggcttctaacttacagaatagtgaaataataaactggtactgttttaagttgctaagcatgtgagaatttAAGTCAGTTCAGCTTAAACTCCAAGAGAAGACTAGACACTTGAATCTCCAatgaaaatgttctatatttctgctgtctgatatagtaatcactaatcacttgtacctactgagcacctaaaatgtgaccagtgtgacaggggacctgaacttttaattttatttaattttaattaatttgtatttaatttttatatctgcatgtggctaacagctacagtgttggtggacaggacagCTCAAAAGAATGGTCATTGGGAGGGTAGGAGGTAAATTGCCAGGCAGTACTCACACTCTTTCCACCTCAGCTCCCAATGGGAGAAGCTATACAGAGAGAGTTCATAGAGTCACTACTCAATGCTCTCTGAAGCATGCTGCCCAACTATGGAGATAAATAGAGATAGCTGCGACAGATAAAACACAAAAAGGTCCACAACAGCAGGTAAATTCTTTCTAACTGAGACAGAAAGTGTATGTACCAGCTTCTTCTAAGGGCTAGGTTGTAGGCATTAGTAAAGGCAGAGCTTCAGGAAAAGCTCTCTGCAATTGGCTTATCAGGTAAGATGTTCAAGGAAGTCACGTCCAGTCTAGTATGGGACTCAGCAAAATGATGCTCCAGAACAGAGGCAGGTCAAGCAAAGAAATGGGTTCTTACAAAGTTCCTATTCAATAACCACAGGTTAAGGGTTTTAGCAACATCAGAACATAACTGGTACTTGGCAACCAAAGCACACAGGAACGGACTCATTCTTGTTAAAACAGACCTTTCTGGCTGTCTCAGCAGCTTCAGGCAACTGACCAGTCAGAACCTTGGTCAACTCCCTCAGTTTCCCCTTCCTCAAGGTTCACCTTACTGAAATAATTATAATCAATACTAAGCCCAGGGCTCAAAGGTGAGCTGTTTGGGCTCTAAAGTTCTGCTGCAAACATAGCGCCTGTTTCCTATATCTTACCTCTCATTGTAGCTTTTTTTTTAAGTATCTAAAGGTACATAAAAAAGACAGACAAATAAAATACAAAATAAATAGCAAATAAGTTTCTATAACTTTTCTGACCTCACTAGAATTCACCTAAGGGAACAAAGGGCTGATATGAACGCTCTTTGCTGTGCTTTCTTCCTTTCCAATATGTGATCTGCATGTGGTGGGCACAGAAATTGAAATCACCCACAGTCATGGCTGGGCTTGGAGCAAAATGGAAGGCCAACATCTTTTATGAACAGGAGACACCAGAAGGATAGATGGCTATGTacattta
>Human| chr5:31615166-31616665 | element 200296 | negative
tgggactaggtgtgcaccaccacacccagcatttttttttttttttttttttttgagacagggtctctccatgttgctcaggctggtctcaaactcctggcctcaagcaatcctttccaaagtggtctcccaaagtgctgggattataggcgtgagccattgcAACCACACAGTTTTTTTTTTTAAGGGCTAAATGtttattttatttttttttttttatttttttttattatactttaagttctggggtacatgtgcacaacgtgcaggtttgttacataggtatacatgtgccatgttggtatgctatacccatcaactcatcatttacattaggtatttctcctaattccattcctctgctagccccccaccccccaacaggcctcggtgtgtgatgttcctggccctgcgtccatgtgttctcattgttcaactcccacttatgagtgagaacatgtggtgttaggctttttcttcttgtgttactttgctgagaatgatggtttccagtttcatccatgtccctgcaaaggacaggaactcatcctttttatggctgcatagtattccacggtgtatatgtgccacattttctttatccagtctatcattgatgggcatttgggttggttccaagactttgctattttgaacagtgctgcagtaaacatatgtgtgtatgcatgtgtctttatagtagaatgatttctaatcctttgggtatatacccagtaatgggattgctgggtcaaatcttacttctagttctagatccttgaagaatcactgtcttccacaatggttgaactagtttacactcccaacagtgtaaaagtgttcctatttctccacatcctctccagcatctgttgtttcctgactttttaatgatcaccattctaactggtgtgagatggtatctcattgtggttttgatttgcatttctctgatggccagtgatgatgagcattttttcatgtgtctgttggctgcataaatgtcttcttttgagaagtatctgttcatatccttcacccattttttgttggggttgtttgttttgttttttcttgtaaatttgtttaagttctttgtagattctggatattagccctttgtcagatggatagattgcaaaaattttctcccattctgtaggttgcctgttaactctaatgatggtttctttcactgtgcagaagctctttagtttaattagatcccatttgtctattttggcttttgttgccattgcttttggtgttttagtcatgaagtctttgcccatccctatgtcctgaatggtattgcctaggttttcttctaaggtttttatagttttaggtctaacatataagtctttaatccatcttgagttaatttttgtataaggtgtaaggaagggatccagtttcagctttctgcatatggctagtcagttttcccaacaccatttattaaataggggatcctttccccattgctcgtttttgtca
>Human| chr2:67891278-67892777 | element 200297 | negative
TAGAATACCCATCGAGTCCTTGGCACTGAACTAGACCTGCTGAGTAGGAAAAGGACACAGACCACTTCATTTTTATTCCTTCCCGCTATGGTTCTTCTTGTCAAGGCCTCATTGCCTCTTTCCTTCTCAATCTCCTTCATCTCTTAAGAATATTCTAgccgggcacagtagctcacatctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggcagaggtgggtgatcgcccacccacctgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctggccagcatggtgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatacagaaattagctgggcgtggtggcgggcccttgtaatctcagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaactgcttgaacccaggaggcagaggttgcagtaagccaagattgcgccattgcaccacctggatgacaagagcaaaactccatctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaTATTCTAGCTGGTGGATTATTTCCATTCTTCAGAAGTTCCAAGTGTCCAAACATATGCATTTTTTGTTATATACCATTTGTATGTGCTGTTTCAAATATTTTCCATTTTATTCCAGTCTAGCATATAAGCAGTTAAAAATATAAGGTTAAAAAAAttatatgtcttatcagtcctttctgctagaatgtaaatgctatgaagacacttaagatttgtttactgctatgttggttgtgtttaacagaggaccaagaggataatacaggctcaataaatatttgctgCACAGAAAGGAAAAATGAAAGTCTCCTCCCAGTGCCTAGTACATCACCTCAACTCAGTCATCATACTGACTGCCGGATGTCAATCATGCCTATTCTCTAAGGGCTTAAGGTCTAGATTAGTGGTAAGGTAACCATGTCTAGCATACTTTAAGAAATAGTGACTGCAAATGTTATATTTATAGAGTCATTTAAAATCCCCTTCTCCCCCAAATACTTTTTTAATCTCATTCTCTGAGCAATTCTATGATATTGGTTTAGTGACTGATTTCTTAGGATCCCAATCTGGATGAAAATAACTGAACCTACCCTCGACAATTTTGATCCATTGGCACTGACAACACCAAGCATTTGTTGTGAAAGAGCTAGCTGAATGAGGAAAGTTAATTTTTGTACCTTTTGTAATCATCCTATAAATGTAAAATCATAACAAAAAAATCAGAAGTATTTCTCAAGTGCATTTTTAGTTTTCTGAAATTACAGTACATACATTTCATGTCTCGTACTCCAAACCTTGACCTTTTACTTGTCAGTAGGCAAGTTTGGGTTGGACATACTTTCTTCCAGACATGCTCATTTTTTGTTGGAGTCTTGATTGGGCCTTCACATCTCCAGATGAACCAAACATGATCATTTTGTGATCATTAAAAATTCTCCatatatttaaatatacttatatatttatGCTTCTAACTTGACAAAATGACTTTAAAGTGTAATTGAAGTACAAAGATGTGTATTACATATCTTAAATTCTC
>Human| chr18:41750708-41752207 | element 200298 | negative
GTGTGTAACCAAAATACAACTAAAATTGAATTGTTGTGGTTATGAGAAATGGTGGCATTTCTGAGAAAAGAAGACAAGTCTGATAACTGAATCTTGAAAGAAACCCCTAATCAATTCTGTGATTTCCTAATTTACTGACCAATCAAAGCATTGGAATGTCTGCCTTGGCCAGTTTTTAAAAATATGATGTTGTTCATATAACTGTACTTGGGTCATTCATCAAAATCAAAGACCTTGAGAATGAAGATCATGTCATTTGTGTGCATGTGTGTGTGTCCCATAACACGTAATTCAAGCTTGATCACACAATGAACACTAAATAAATACTAGTAAGATTGAAATGTTCATCATATAGTTTACAGGCATCATTAGCTCTCTTTTTTCCTACTCTGGTTTTTGCTCCCTATGCTCTAAAGTATATTTGAGATTCTTTGAAAGTTGAGAAGCCCTAAAGGCCCTCACAATGTTAAAATTGCATTAAAATGAAGAAGAAGAAAGATGTCCGGGGTGGGGTGGGAAACAAAAGCCCAAAGAAAAATCTGAAAGAAAATCCAGCCTTTTCACTAAACACTTCAAGCTCGCCCGCTTCAGCCTCTGCAGGCAGCAATTACATTTCGAAGGAAAATGTTTTACAATTGTAATTACACATAATAGGAGGAATGTATTTTTCCTTCATCCTACTCCCATGGCGAGTCAATTTAATTTTTAAATACAAGAGACATAATTGATTTTAGCCCTAGATTAGTGCTGAAAATGATCTATATGTGTTCTCGCTAATGGAACAAGAGAATTGGTCCTCCTTGGAGACTTTTACCCAAACCTGTTCATGCAACAATTACTAGAGTCTGACAGGTTAGTGTTCAAGGAGAGTGATGTGGGAGGGAAACACCCCACTGTTTAACAATTGAGCAAAATAATTAATATTATGCTCTTCTCAGTTAATTATAGATTAGGCACAAATATATTATCATCATAGAGGCCACAAAGTGATGAGATTGCTCAGAGGAGCCTTTGCCTGTTCACCAGAAAATGGGCATTCTGTGAGGGTTTCAGGGCAAACCTATTTCTTGATGGGGTTCTCATGGGAGGGGATGGATTAGAGATGAACTCATTTTTTTTTCAGTTTTCAGTAATGACAGCCCTATCTCTTATCTGGCAATGAATTTTCCATCTGCTTCTCTACCCAACTGCCAGGCAGCTGATGGGTGACTGAAGTAGAACAGCTTAAGGCAAAGCTATGAAATAGGCAGTTTATGCTCTGCCATTTTGCCATCAAAACAAGCCCTTAAGCACAAATTCTGAGTTCAATTCTTACTCTTACTGAGTTGTCAACTAATCCCCCTCTAAAGCAGGATTAGTAACTGGGATGTTAGCTTCTAAGACTATAATTCCCAGGTGTATTTGCATTTTAATCAAAGACTCCAAGAAGGCCGAATGGGCATGGACCCATCACTGGCAAGGTAGTGCGGAGACCTAGGATCCAGCTCACACCAGTCCATT
>Human| chr9:122189140-122190639 | element 200299 | negative
GTTTCTTTAGATTAACCATAGTCCGTCATAGCTACTCCAAAATGTGTTTTGACCCTTGAGATCATTGGCTCTTATAGCTTCAGTGCCCATGGCTGAGTCCCTTTTTCTGGTTAGTGATTTTAAATTCTAGAGAGAGGAAGTTTGATTGCTCCAAATAGTCAGTGGTGCTTCTCTGGGCCAGTTCTGACCAACAGGGCAGGGCTAGACAATACATAGACTCTTTCTCTACTCTTGGTCTATAAGCAACCAAAGTTGGGAGATTGCTAGCAGTTATATGACACATTTTAAATTTGGGGtttaaaatttaagttttttatttaaataatCCATGTGAatgaatgaactcccattcacaattgctacaaagagaataaaatacctaggaatatggctaacaagagatgtgaagaacctcttcaaggaaaactacaacccactgctcaaggaaataaaagaggacacaaacaaatggaaaaacattccaccctcatggatagaaacaatcaatattgtgaaatggtgatactgctcaatgtaatttataaattcaatgctattcccatcaaactaccattgacacccttcacagaattagaaaaaaaaaacactttaaaattcatatggaaccaaaaaagagcccacatagccaagacaatcctaaacaaaaagaacgatgctgaaggcatcatgctaccagacttcaaactatactacaaggctataataaccaaaacagcatggcactggtatcaaacagacatatagaccaatggaacagaatagagacctcagaaataagaccacacatctacaaccatttgatcttcaacaaacctgacaaaaacaggcaatggggagaagattccctatttaataagtggtgctgggaaaactggctagccatatgcagaaaactaaaactggaccccttccttacaccttatacaaaaattaactcaagatggagtaaagacttaaatgtaaatctcaaaaccataaaaaccctagaagaaaacctaggtaataccatttaggatataggcatgggcaaagattttatgacgaaatcaccaaaagcaattgcaacaaaagctaaaattgacaaatgggatctaattaaactaaagagcttctgcacagcaaaagaaactatcgcagagcgaataggcaacctacaaaatgggaggaaatttttgcaatctaccctttggacaaaggtgttatatccagaatttacaaggaacgaatttacaagaaaaaaaacaaacaacctcatcaaaaagtgggcaaaggatatgaacagacacttctcaaaagaaaacatttacacagccaacaaacatattttaaaaagctcaacatcactgattattagagaaatgtaaatcaaaaccacaatgagataccagctcatgtcagtcagaatggtgattattaaaaagtcaagaaacaacagattctggagaggctgtggagaaataggaacacttttacattgtt
>Human| chr10:23032224-23033723 | element 200300 | negative
caccacccagctttctcctgctccagccacaagacatgccaactacccctttgccttctcccatgattggaagtttcctgaagcctccccagaagccaagcagatgccaccatgcttcctatacagcctgaggaactgtgaactaattaagtctcttttttttatacattacccagtctcaggtatttctttatagcaatgtgagaacTAAGACCTCCTTGTCAAATCTCCAGCTCTTTTCCAAGTGTTAGATTCATGAATGTTCCTCAAACTCAACAAATCTACAATGAAACGCATTATTTTTTTCTAATAACCTGATGATTTTTTTTTTAATTTTGCTTTCATGGGTCTCAATTCCTGAGAAGACCCCACACGAGTCTCTGTATTTTAAGTCCTAAAGCTACTTTCCAGCCCCCAGTGGCCAACCCATGCAGTTTTTTCCTTGCCACAGGTCCCAAAGAGGCAATGATCATCACTTTATCCCTTGGGGTTTCTGCTGTGCACAGGACTCAATATCCTCTCGCTGCCTCATCCCAAAAAGCAAAAGGTCTTCTTTTTTTACTTTCTTAATTAAAGCATTGTATCAGGGAACAGAAAGTATATTCTCAAAATAACACAATGGGAAGTGAAAtcattctttaacaaatattcgtggattactacttactctgtgccaggtgctggaaaaggggacaTTGGCCTTTAGTTGACCTCTAAGTCTTGGGGGAAGAGGTGTATGGAAGGGAGGATTTGAGCTTAAGCAAATAATCACAGAAACACACATGACATTCCAACTGCACCAAGGGCCATGAAGAAGTGGTTCACAGAGTGAGTCCATAATGGGCATAATGGGGCAATGTAGTCTAGGCAAGTAGCTTGTGAGAGGCTTCTCTGAGGTATCTTATCCTGAGCCAATATCTGAAAGATAAtgtggtagattgattgtgaaacttgtcctgactctttccgtccttttacaaggtgactctgtgactcttgccatcaggagaatctttttcatgatcttttacatttgggctgactttgtgacttactttagccaatagaatgcaggagaagtgatattcagtctgtcagttctgaatgtagaccttaagaggcttAGTGTGTGGCCATGgaatggaaccaagctggaaaacactctgcaggatattatccaggagaacttccccaatctagcaaggcaggccaacattcaaattcaggaaatacagagaacgccacaaagatactcctcgagaagagcaactccaagacacataattgtcagattcaccaaagttgaaatgaatgaaaaaatgttaagggcagccagagagaaaggttgggttacccacaaagggaagcccatcagactaacaactgatctctcggcagaaactctacaagccagaagagagtgggggccgatattcaacattcttaaagaaaagaattttcaacctataatttcatattcagccaaactaagcttcataa
>Human| chr6:71800416-71801915 | element 200301 | negative
caacatgtttaaggacttttgtgattagagttccccacgtggataattccaggctgatctccctatctcagcttaatcacacctgcaaagtcccttttgccaagtaacctaacatattcacagatctggggattaggacatggatatctttggggccattcttctgcttattacaGACATTATATCTGCAAGTTTGGGGGTTGCCACCCATAGACTTACAATGTCTCATGCTGCTTGTTGAACCAGTAGCTACTGTATGCTTACTGTTTAAAAATGATTATGTTAAATATTTTGAGAGCTGTAAAGAGAAATTGAGATTATGTTATGTAAGCCATCTCCATCCgatacaaatctggtacactttctccagtgtcctcaataatgctgtaataataatgtcttctctgtctctctcctgcactggttggccctccatttttgaacttgggtgaagcactacattgtagtgaatgagatctgtcggtcaccagggagctgaataggatctgagcactcacagatggggctgattcatgcaacctcaaagttcaggggagttagtctccaatggggtaaaccttgctcaaagggaagagcgagatggcagtgggctattagttccccttcttttgtctgcaatgtggactactgtaaggtgtacttcctccttacaacattctggagaagttctgctgtggagtgaacacacctgctgagcaacttctgtatttctccatggctagttgtgaagcaatagctaacgtagcaacactttgcattacattttcctttgcttccctttcctttatccttacgtccctgggctcgcacttcccaaatatgtttttagcaatttaatctttgccttaagctttgttttctagaagaccagggctaagacaCCATTTAATCAGGCCTTCTCCAAATAACAGGAAATGAATGAAACAAATGTTTCTAAACTCATAAATGCTTTTGCTATTAAAAAACCCTGAAAATATTGGTGATAATTAGTGTTAAACATAAACTATAAGAGATAGAGACACACAATGAGGAAAAATTTTTAAAGAAACACTATAAGCTTACCTTCTTTTTCACGGTTTTTGTGCTGCTCTTGTGTTAAGCTTCATCTGTTAAAGATGGGAGATTGCTCTGTGGAAAGTGAGGAAACTACGGGTCAGGGAGAATTAACCAGTGTACGATACACCAAAATTTGGACATTTTGCTTAGTATTAAATAAACAGCTTTCATAAGGGCTTCCTTACATAGCCTGCCCCAGTATCTAGTACATATATATGCCTCATTTTACTAGTTGGTCATCAGCTCATATTTAGAGTCTCCTTCCAACCAAGTTGTAAGGGCTTGTGAGCAGGTTCTTTTTTAACCTTTCTGATTTTCCCACAGGGTCCAGCAGAGAGAGTGCCTTTTATACAGTAAGCACTTGATAATGGTTTACTTATTGTTGGAAATGGCTGGCAATGATTACATACAGTAAATACTAAA
>Human| chr5:57920552-57922051 | element 200302 | negative
GCAAAGATgtgtgaagacagtgggataaagaagaggcatcggggcaggagactggatttgagacctctctgtgtaaccttgggacaaatgacttcacctttctgggaagcagttatctgatctgtaaaatgaagaggATCCACTCAACTGAAAAAAAAACAAACAAAAAAAACCCCCAATCTGGcattcagtgatccctaatgtgccacatacagctgtgtgtggtttataggtagtgagttatctaatcctcacaaaaaccctgtgagatagatgctattcttgtctttagtttacaaatgagtaaactgaggcatagagtgtgtgaataccttgcccagggtcacatagacaagaagtggctagcagatttaagtatggaccacctagctttggagctttttctcttaatccattctgctgcacCCTTTCTCTATAAGTACAACATttgagtaattgctctcgaccagccactgtgcatattttatttgcaatgctggaaattttatttttaacctcaaaatgttggtattaatattgctctttataaggtaagaggaaaccaagactcagagagtttaaataattcccccctggtcacataactCTTTATACTGCTTATAGAGTAACTTCAAGCCTTATAACTGATTAAAATAATAAATCAAATGGTAGCCAACAATCAATGGAGGAAAAAGTTTTTCCAGGAATACATAAGGTAAAATGGACAAATCATGACATTATATTCCATCCAGATTAATCTCTTTCATGATCCTCTAGTCAGCCCAATTCCTACAGGACTTCTATCCCAAGACTGCTAAGCAGCTCTCAAAGCTTCTAAAAATTCAAATACCggccgggcactgtggcttatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggtgggtggatcacgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctgaccaacgtggtgaaaacccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagccgggtgttgtggtgcacgcctgtaatcccagctacttaggaggctgagacaggagaatcgcttgaacctgggaggtggaggttgcagtgagccgagatcacgccattgcactccagcctgggtgacagagtgagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTTGGAATACCATAGTTTTGGTAACAGAGAACGGCAGTTCTGTGTAACTGAAATTTCAGGTAAGTAAAGCTTCACATTATGAGAACTTTAAACCAATTAAATCTTTTAATGAAAATTCTTCTAATATGTGCTGCACATTTGTTTATCATAAGGGAAAAAAAGAACATGAAAGATAAGCCAACTTGACGCTCAGGATTATCAGCATCTGATGATGTTTTCTGTATACTTGGTTCTACTTAGTATGTTTTCTTTTCTTTCTTCAGTGTCAAACTGTCCGTCTTCATGTTTCTAGCTGCTTTCCTTTCTCATTCTAATTTTTAGCTTTCATTAAGTTTCTTTTTTCTTATAAACCAT
>Human| chr9:106335294-106336793 | element 200303 | negative
CACTTTTCCTCATTACCTAGGTATGTTTTATTTCACAAAATTAAGAAATTGATAAATTAAATGTTATCAAAGAAGACATAGTAAAACAACaaaaataaattttaaaatattaCATTGAGGATGTGgagccttccagttccaaaatattaatgtagaagcaagctagtttctttctactccacagaaaacaaatatacagcagcagtattatcaccagcaatatccaagaactcaaatgtaaggacagttcccagaaacacagagaagtaaaaatatttcaagcagatggtaagagaacttgatttccatatccatgatgtgcctccccacccccaaacctgctcagcaccaagcacacagaaaatttcccccagagcatagattttacactgaaaagtgagatcaagggagacaactggcttccctaccatctttggttccccggcatgaggtgtgttcctgcttcaagcaatgggaagcatcaggagtgccagaagaaataaatatccttgagaatagccatagacaaaggggaggaagcaggattataattctgagcctcagaaactctgctctgtaactcagccaaaggagatgccaaatcagagtggctgatttgctgtagcaccttgctgtaggacggtggtccttggccacaaaccaccagaaaaccttcccacatcactgggacatgatatccttttctggacctcccccattcaggagagtaggcattctgtttgtttatatgaactgaggcaaacctgagcttaaagttctgtctagttcattaaaggaggcagaaacctaatggaggggaaaaaaaaagCATTTAAAAAATGTattatccttagcaaactaacacaggaactgaacaccaagtatcacatgctctcacttataagtgagagctaaataatgagaacacatggacacatagaggggaacaacacacaatggagcctttggcagggtggaagatgggaggagggagaggatcagaaaaaataattaatgggtttaatacctgggtggcaaaataatttgcacaataaatccccatgacacaaCATGCAGTTTCAACAGGGAAATTGCAAAGAATCTCTAAGCAAACATATCCAACAAAAACCAaaacaagccagacaggaagactgggaaaaacaattaaatcttcattgcaaagacatagacatacatccaaaagaaacaatagcaaacaaaaaaaaaaacatgatctcctcaaatgcacaaagcaaggaatcactgactaatcctggtaatgtggcaatatgtgtgaactcactggccaagaatttaaaatagcaattttaagaaaattcagggattgccaagataacacaggaaagcaattttaaagtttgtcagataaatttaacaaagagattagaatacttttaaaaaattaaacagaaatattggaactgagaaatacatttgctgaactgaaaaatcactagaggctctcaagtgcaaaatgga
>Human| chr20:35312003-35313502 | element 200304 | negative
agtgaaactccatctcaaaacaaataaataaataaataaatatatgtatatatatgtatatatacatatatatatacacacacatatatgtacacacacacacacacacacacatataaaaatatatataACTGaaacctgggagttatccttggtagctgtcagtatccaacccatcagcaagtcagtggagtctatctccagaatatatccatctacctactactatctacttcaatcatcccccaacagcagcatccagtaccatgctatcattatctcttgcctggactattgttaatagtttaactgttctccctgctttctctctctgattcttctccaaaccattctcTTCTCAGTGAGATGAACGTTTTTAAAAAAATTTAAACAGCtttatttttattttttagatacagggtgtctcactgttactcaggctggagtgcaggggtgggatcacaactcactgtagccttgaactgctgttgttaagtgatcttcctgccACTTGGCCCAGCTCAAGGTAGATTTTTAAatcttctaggtctcagcgtgtgtgccaccttcctagagaggaattccctaacttgccttactaatgtagatcccacccttattctctatcacaacacccccactgacttattttatagaactttattatttgtttgcttacttgttaccccactaagctctaggaggacagtgataatattttTCCTAACCATCATATCCTCTGAAACAGACACTAAATAATTCACCATAGAAAGTCAATAAAAACTGCATGAAAGACTGCAGAATGAACCTACCTTAGGTGGGTAAGAACAGGAGGCAGCATTTCAGCCAGCTCATCCATTGTGGGGTACTGATACCTGCAATCCAGAAGGATATCTCCTGAATTAGAAAGCACTCACAATTCCCAGTTGCTAGAACAGCTGGAAAGGTCCAGAAGTCTTAGATAAAAggctgagcgcagtagctcatgcctataatcccagcactttgggacaccgaggtgggcagatcacctgaggttgggagttcgagaccagcctgaccaacatggagaaacctcatctctactaaaaatacaaaattagctgggtgtggtagcacatgcctgtaatcccagaaacttgggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacctgagaggcggaggctgccgtgagcggagatcatgccattgcactccagcctgggcaacaagagcaaaactccgcctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTCTTAGATAAAAGCATTTCCTTTTACCAAAGGCTCAAAGGAGGTGATGTGGTACCCTGAAAATGATTGTGGCATATTGTGTAACTCTCTACAACTGCCATGCTAAGGAGAAAGTAAAATAATCCACGGTTTCTATATCCTAACAAGCAGCCCTTGGGACCAGAGGGTGCCACATGAAAAGAACTAGTAACATGGTTCTCTCTTAGGGTATTTCCAAACCTCTAACAATCTCTTCAG
>Human| chr3:86024771-86026270 | element 200305 | negative
ACAAATATATAATACGACACAATTAATTTCTTTTGTAAATTTGAAGTGCTGAACCTATCATTTATAACTACATTTTTATTTCAGGCAATTGCATTTATAGTTGGTTAAATTAATACACTCTCCAAGGAACACACAAAAAAATGAGCTCATCTTTTGCAATGTTGAATTCAGAGGTGAAATATACAAATTGAGCTGTGTATTGGATGGTTATCATTTCTAAATTCCAATATTCATAAATTATGCATCACATGCCATAAATTTGACCATGTTTTATTTATAGTTGTCTTGGTGTCTGTGTTCAAATATCATCTGATTAATCATAGGATGTTACCATATAAGGCATATATTAAGACACTCTGACACTGCCATGTCATATTAAGCAAATTACTTAAAATATTAGTATAACTGCAGATTATCTTGTCCTATGGAAAAAATTAATAAGTTAATGTTGAACCAGTATTTAACATTTTTATGATGTATGTGTGCATGTATATAATTTCTCTGCGTATGAATTAGTATTTTTCAATATTGGGGAATATTTTAAGCGGTATCATTTTACAAGGGATAAAATGGGCTGCAGTTTCCACCCTGTACCATATTTGATGGAGTCTTCTTTTCATTAACAGTGTAAGAGGTTTAAAAATGTACAGGATTCCAGGCAGAGCTCTTCTCTTGAAGACCTGATTGTCTAGTGGGACACTGAGAGCAAGAAAAGCAGAGCGGGTGGAAAGTTTAGGTAGAAGACAGACGTTTCATACAACTGTTCTGGTCTTTCAGAGAATTTCAACTAATTCAATTGATCTTACATCGTTCAATTTTAGTTGCTTCCCATTAATATTCTGGTGCTGAATATTTAGGTTATTTTAACTTTTACTATTTCACAATATAGCTGAAATAATGGGGTGGTCTTTAACAAATAATGAAAGAACAGAATAAAACCCTCAAAATTATTAGAAAAGCAAAAATGTTTTAAATGTTTTAAAACACATAGAACAAAATGAAGCTAGTAGTAGTTAAAAACATGTAACAGTAACAGGCATCGGTTTCTTTATGACAAGTCATTTTTTAAACCCAATTGTCATTTTGGCACTTTCCACCAAATTACTTTCAGTCAATTTGTTTTTAGCCACATATGATGTCAGAGAGGAGGATAAGGGAGAATGCTGAACAGATAAAAAAGAACCAGGCTATGTGTAAATAATAATTTGTAATGTTATTTATTTGTGTATTTTAAAAGATTCTAAGGATGTTGTTTTGAAGTGGATTAACAATTATTAAAACTACTCATCTTTTTAGGTTATTTGAATATTAACCTATGGAAAAATGTATGCTTAATGCGTTTTTACCCTTGTAAGAAATAAAGATATGGTTTGCTTTATACAAGAATGCTCCTAGTACTTGAAAATATATAGACTGTCTTTAAAAAATTCAGGATTTATTACTGCCTATATTGGTTGACGTGGTATAAGCGGGGCAAGGTTGGGGGGACTCCAAATACTA
>Human| chr4:48333133-48334632 | element 200306 | negative
GTGAGTTTTAGTACAGTGCTATTTAAAGTATGGAACtgttactggtgtgtgatcagtacagaaattgagactaagcatttagaaacctagagcaatttgacgtagcaatcttctgtctgttgaatctaataacaaaaaaaattttttcaattttgcatatctttttaaaatttaatttgtcaaggaattcatttttagcatattttacaaaaacatcattctcctatggagactatttggaaatacaaataagaaaactggttcttaccacagatagttttagaaacCTGTTTTAGTGTAAAGCCATCATTTAGTATAAAGTCATCTATTATTACTGTTACTCTGAAGTGGTTACTGAGCATTACAACAGTAGGTAGGATTATAAGTTGTTTACTAAATATGCTAGATTTATTAACTCATGTATATATTTATTGAGAAACCAAAATATTTGAAGTACTTGATGAAGTTGATGTGCTAACCATTGCCTGTCTGCCCATATTCCCTCTTGGAAATATTACAGGATTCTGCTCACTTCTGACTCCAGCCTCAGCATGCTGTACCATGGTGGGCTAATATTAGTTAGTCTAATAATATGTGAGTCTAATATTATGTCACCCAAGAATCTGGAATTGGGACACTGAGAGACTGAGTGATTAGGTCATAGTAGTCACATGAACTGAAATGTCACCAGTTGTTACAACACCAAACCCAACGCCACATGTAGACTGATGTTAGAGAACACAGAACATGAGTAAGCAGGGGTTCTGAGATAGAATAAGGGGGAAGGGGGCAAATGGCAAACATGCAAGAaacagagagagagcccatcaaaatataagttaggtcctgtcactcctcggctcaaatcctgccttgtcttatgtcatacggagtaaaagtcagtcttcacaactgactacaggctgtaaggaatctttcctccatctctctgacttcattttccaccacgctctttgacactcattccagtttagtcatccaaccttgtttttccctgaagccaggcacattattgcctcagggcctttgtacttgctcttctgcttggtatgctcatccgcagtttcctgcctggttggctccctcaccctccttcagagttttgttcaaacatcatcttctaggcgaggcctgccctgagcaccctatttaaaattgcaatcccggccgggcacagtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcattttgggaggccaaggtgggtggattacttgaggtccggagttcgagaccagcctggccaatatggtgaaaccctgtctctacaaaaataacaaaaattagctgggcctggtggtgggcacctgtaatctcagctgcttgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttgaatcagggaggcgaggttgcagtgagccgagattgcgccacagcactccagcctgggtgacacagagagactctctctcaaaaaaataaaataaaaTTGTAATCTTggccag
>Human| chr6:48955832-48957331 | element 200307 | negative
tgcaacctctgcctcctgggttcaagcgattcttgtgcctcagcctccctgagtagctagtattacaggtgcccaccaccacgcccagctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatggggttttgccaatagcagctttcttaggaaaaaacctacaagctagaagagattggggccctaactttagccttctcacacaaaacaattattagctaagaattttgtatccagcaaaactaaccttcataaatgaagaaaagatagtctttttcaaacaaatgatgagagaattcaccactgtcaagccagcactacaagaattgctagaaggagtgctaaattttgaaacaaatccttaaaatacaccaaaataaaacatccttaaagcatgaatctcagaggacctataaaacaaaaccaaaataataaaagaaaaaggtattcaggcaaaaaaatagcatgatgaatagaatagcaccttagatctcaatactaacattgaatgtaaatggcctaaatgctccaattaaaagatacagaatagcagaatggataagaattcaccaaccaagtatctggtgtcttcaagagattcacctaacacataaggacacaaataagacaaaagagtggaaaaaaatattccatgcaaatggacaccaaaattgaggagtagctattcttttatcagacaatacaaactttaaagcaacagcagttaaaaaagataaaaatggacattatataatgataaaaggccttgttcaataggaaaatctcacaatccttaatatatatgcacctagcactggagcttgcaaattataaaacaattactactagacctaatatatgagacagatggcaataccataatagtgggagacttcaacacactccactgatagcactagacatgtcatcaagacagaaagtcaacaaagaaacaatggatactataatataccctagaactataccttagaacaaaggcacttaatagatactacaggacattctacccaacaactgcaggacataaattctattcatcagcacatggaacactctccaagacagaccatatgttaggtcacaaaacagtatcaatacatttaagataatcagaattatatcacctactctctcagaccacagtgaaataaaattgaaaatcaactccaaaagaaacctcaaaaccatgcaaatacatggaatttaaataacctgctcctgaatgattattgggtcaacaatgaaatcaagaaataaatttaaaaattctttgaactgaatgataatggtgaaacaacctatcaaaacctctgaaatacagcaaaggcagtgctaatggcagcagcagcccatctggagtggttgctgcaaagacgctggctatagccagggaggtgcggcctgtgctgcatgctccatggagctggtgagagccaggaacaggcaggagacccacctccttctgagttggtagggcaggaacccca
>Human| chr18:40700196-40701695 | element 200308 | negative
TAATTTTGTAAATAAAGAGCAGAGCACAGACTTTTTTGCCACACACTGACCTACTCACATTCAGTGAAACTCAAAGTCAGTGTGAATATTTCTTTTTGTGATACTTTCATCCTGAAGGCTTACCTCAGAAAAAATGATCTTACATGTAATCTAAGTGACTTGCACGTTATTTATTCAACATGTATTCATTTATTAAACATAGATTAATTTGCTCACTGTCAAATTCATTCATTTCACAACTGTGTACAGCCTTTCAGAAAAACAAAGGAAAACACAATATAGTTCATGGGTTCAAAATTATTATAGCCTAGTGTGGAAAAAAGGCAGCTGTCCACTAGGCCTTGGAATAAGCCAGCATGTGGCAAGTCATTGAACAGATAAATGGGCAGAGTATGGCAGGTTTGTGGGAGAAGGGGAGACTGACTCCAAGTAGGAAGACAAAGTGAGGTGTCAATAAAGAGGACTGACTCGGGCTAGGACTTAAAGTAAATCTCCAAAGAAGGAGATTTCAAAAGCAAGGGTGTTCAAAGTTTAGAAAATAAAACGTATTTGGTAAATTATAAGTTGAAAACATAACTGATGCGAAAGAACATAGGAACATATTCCAAAGCTGGATTATAGATGAATCACAGAGTTAAATTATAGCATATAGAGCTTGCATTTTGTTGTTTGTTTGTTTGTGTTTACCTTTTTCTTTAAGCAAAGCAAAATACCAACTTTGAAGCAGAACAGCGAATAACACAGGTTTCTGATTAGAGAAAAATGAAGGTCCGGCTTGAGTTTACTTTTTATCCATTAAGCCTTTTTGACTTTCTCAAATAGCAGTGAGTTGGAACTCAGCTAAATTTCTATAATATTTATTATTGTTTAGTCATTAGTTTGACACTTAGCATTCTGTAATTTACTAAATTACAACCTATTTGAGAGGAGCCCCTGTTCCATTTTACTGTATATTTTTTACAGTCTTGGGCCCAGGCCCTGATATGTAAATGATAAATAAAAAAATTATTCAGACTTTTTTTATCAATATACTTCATAGTAATATCTAATATGGATACAGCTAATTATAATTTTTTTCTTTTCAGTCAGTCAAAGTTGACTTTTACAATGTAAATGAAATAATATTAGGCTAAGGGTATAGCAAAACATGGACAAGCTATAGGTGTGAATATTTAAAACCTATAAAAACAAAATTACTTTATAGTGGTAAATTTCAGAGAAATATCCTGCAAATTTCCATCTgcattttattgcccagagatttcaatcattttttactttcatctgtttatgacaattataattaatgtctgcattgatgactctgaggccatgtaagattctgcaatataatgtccaagaaatatttaattttattcagtataattttgatataatctatttGTTATGGTTTCATCTTCTAGTAGATGCCAACAGTTATCAATTTGAGTTGTTAAATATTGGAATATATTATTGTGTTCAAATTCTGGATGAGGAGTT
>Human| chr5:120817654-120819153 | element 200309 | negative
atatagtaaaacaaatacaatatatatttttaaatttttaaaatactttttaaaagaaaatttacaaaaatgcagtctgagagaagtgtgagggacacaaatttagattgtgggccaggaatagtctttcttcagaggacattatgaggctcaaagaaagagtagagagtgccccatatgaagagtggtagggataccaacacgtatgaagcaatagactataaagggtttggaacatcagaggaacagaaccaaaaatcaccagtctagatgaagtaaggaaaagagagaggactaagattcagttggaaaagtaggccagagtcagacaatgcaAGGCCGTATGTGCCATATATTGATTTAGAATGTTTAATACAATTTAGCTTTTAGAAGAAGTTAAATATTTGTGGGCAGACAAATTATTCTCCTGTCCCTCCTGTTTTCATTTAAACACTCTGCACTGACCTCATTATCTTTGGAAGCTTAAGATTCCTAAGCATCTTTCCTAAAAGCCTATTTGCCCAGGCCCTTCTGGTTCCCTCATTCAATCTCAAATTAGACCTGTTCTACTTCTCCCTTAAATTCTTATGAAGAGTTAATTTAATGAATTCATAAGTGCTAAAATGTCATTATGCTGTTTAATATAATAAATCATTATGTTGTTCCATCAATTAATATGTCTATTTACTGATGCTTTTTAAAGCACTAACATAAAAATTGAAAAATGTGAGATTTTCAACAAATTGCCATGGGAAATGAAGGTGATATTGAAGCTGAGAAAAGTTGGCCTTATCAGATTACATCTGTGGCCAACTTTTATCCCTGAATGTAAGTGTGTGACCAGTGACATTTCCAGCAAAGCACATTTTAAGCAAAATATACTGCCTAAATAACACTTCTTCCAGAAGCAGTAATCAAATAAATGTTTTAAGTCTAGGGATTAGGAACAAAAGCCTTTTAGTTTTATTTCCTCTCCAAGGCAATCATTTTAAAGTGTGTAAAAAGTAAAAAAGTAAAGTATTTAAAGTATTTTAAATTGTTCAGAGCATAAGATGAAGGCAAAAAACAAACAAACAAAAAATAACTAACAGCAGTACAGGCAATATGATTATTCCCAATTTAATGGTGAGAAAACAGGACATAGAAATCAAAGAGTTAGTTAGATCAAACTTGAGTTTCATATTTACAAGTCCAAATTACAAGCCCTGTCTGTTTTCCATTTTGCAACTTGAAAAACAATTTTCTTAATATTTGGCTAATATGTATATTATGATACAGGACCTGCAGATAGTTTAGATAGATGCATTTAAATTGGATCACTTTTCCTAATCCTTCTTTCTCTTTCTGTAAGTTATTAAACACTCGCCCTGTAACTTTGCAGTGCTTCCCCACTGTGGGTGGAGCATTTTTCTCACAACGCTGATAGTGGATAGGGCTTTCTGATTTGGATTGGTCAATGAAATATTAGTAGATGTGACAATTAGCACAGGCTTTCAAATT
>Human| chr14:51493949-51495448 | element 200310 | negative
ctcccaggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctcccgaatagctgggattacagccgtgcaccaccacaccgagtgaacttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttctccatgttggccaggctggtctcaaactcctgacctcaggtgatccacccacctcgacctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggtgtgagccaccgtgcccaaccAGCTGTTAACTCTTATTTGTTTTCTTCATTCTTGCTCACACAAACACCTGCTGACTGGAGGGATTCGCAGGACAGATTCCTGGAACAGGGTCTGTTGGAGAACATTTTCGATCACCTGTACTTTGCTCTATGTATTTAGGCTCCAAGAGGCAAGACCAACACAACTGAGTAAGATAAAGCTCAAAGTGAGCCTACAGTTGCAAAATTCTTTATGATTGGGTCTCAGCTACAATATTATTTGGAGTAAAAGTTTCTCCTCAATAACTATTAATATTTCCAGGAGCCCAAGGGATAAAGGAGGGAAAAACGGTCTCATTTGGAAGAGCAGGCAATAATATGAGAGGCATATTTTAAAGAAGAAATTTTTTTTCATTGTTACTTTAGAACTCATATCTTTTTTTTTTCCTGAATGAGTAAAAGTTTGCTGGACTACCATAGTTTTCTTCCTCTTTTTATTATAACCTATGTTTAGTAACCACACTTAGATGTTTCAGTACAGAAGTAAAATTGATTTGGTTACACAGAAGTGAAGCTGCCTGGTGTCTTGTATTCCAACCTTGCAATTAATTGTGTCTGTATAAGACAGACTTGATACCCATAGATTTTTTGACCAGTTGCTGCTGTATACTTAGAAATACAATCATTCCTAGTAGTAGACAAAGAGTTTTGGCCCCATCTAGTCCCAGGATTTTATATGACAAAGCAGTAAGTGAACTGCAAAAATCAATTTATTTCCAATTTCCTCTTTGTGTTTATGGTCCGTCCCAAGAATGCCTTCTACCTGGCTGATGATTGTTCTGGTATTTGATAAAAAATTGCATTATAAGATAAAGATCTAGAAATCATTCTCTTAAGCTTTGTCCACTTGTAGAAATTGAGGAGACAATGAAAAATCCTGGAAAACTATCACTAGAAAGTGCTCTTATTGTAAGGATTTATATGCACATTGTTTTTATAGGTTGGTATTTTAATCACATTTATAAGCTCCATCTGATGTAGAAGAACATTGTTATTGACTGATTTTGTTTCCCAGATGCATTTAAATTCCTACTCTGTGCTAACAAAGATGTTCTGCATTCAGGACCACAGAGCAGTGCTGGAAATTTATGACCAGAACAATGAAGATGCAAATATGTAGTATGTGTTTTCATCACGGCATCTTTGGTGGTACAAGCAGTCATTTAAGGGAGAAAGGTACGTTCTAAAGCTGTTTATAATGCCTAAGCAGTGACATTCGGATTTCTTGGATATTTGTTTTCTAGGTTACTGAAAAGGTGTCACGATCTGA
>Human| chr2:38718731-38720230 | element 200311 | negative
CTGCCAGCTACAGTAGATACTGGGACATGTGGACGGATGGTCTGAGGGTGGATGATTCCAGAGGGAGTCATTTCGGGAATGCACAATGACCCTCTCAGAAAGCAGTCAGCCAGAAGAAGGCCCAATGAGGATCCAAGAGTGACCTTGTGGTCCTCAACCTTACTGCCTTAGTAATGGGTGGAAAACAATCTAAATATAAAGGCATTTCTTTTTCTCCACTGTGCTTGCCTTGCTCAATTTGCAAGTCCAGGGACAAGGCCTACTATCTGGGATGTCAGAGAGCTAAGACTCCATTCTTTAATCATCCTTATTTTTAGTCATGGGAACAAGGGATTTGAATTACTATGCTATCATCTCCTTGGGCTAAAATGCATCTTCTACTAAGAATCTTCATGGAAACATTAGGTCTGATTTTTTTTTTCTTCCATAACCTTTATTGTTGGGGGCATAGGTATTCTCCAAAAACTACTGTTAAATAATCCAGATTTGCTAACCCATCTATAATCTTGTTCTGATTCCCTCTTTAGTTTCATCTTCTCCGTCATCATCATTACTCCACAGATCACTTAAATCCCCCTACTTGCACACCTACTACCTAGAGAATGTTGTTTTCAAAAGTCATCTTTCCTTTAATAGATAACTGCACAGAACAGCAAGCGTTATGCTCGTCATGGAATTTGGAGAGCAGGCTTGCATTTGGGAATTCAGCAGTCAGCAAAGGTGCTGGTCCTTTTTTTGGAGACCTGTCAGTCTTCAGTTGAATATCAGAGTACACTCCTGACCTGCTGCAGTTTGCATTCAGTGATTTTGACCTTTCCAGTAGGGTGTGTTGCAATGGTGAACTTCCTATTGGCTCAATGAGCCTCATTTGGAATCAGTTGGGTAATTATGTCTTTTCTGGCTTCCCACCCtttcttttttttttttttttttttttAACTTGCtattaaaattcatttttatttttattttttGGAGTTGCTTGaatatattttaataatttttaGATACTTTTTTTCtttttttttttaattatactttaagttttagggtacatgtgcacattgtgcaggttagttacatatgtatacacgtgccatgctggtgcgctgcacccactaactcgtatctagcattaggtatatctcccaatgctatccctcccccctcccccctccccaccacagtccccagagtgtgatattccccttcctgtgtccatgcgatctcattgttcaattcccacctatgagtgagaatatgcggtgtttggttttttgttcttgcgatagtttactgagaatgatggtttccaatttcatccatgtccctacaaaggacatgaactcatcattttttatggctgcatagtactccatggtgtatatgtgccacattttcttaatccagtctatcattgttggacatttgggttggttccaagtctttgctattgtgaataatgccgcaataaacatacgtgtgcatgtgtctttatag
>Human| chr9:139985906-139987405 | element 200312 | negative
GTGTTTAGGCCAGATCCCTTTCTGTTAACGTTTTACTTTGGTTGAGTTCAAatttttttgttttatatttttttttttttttttttttttgagacagagtcttcctctgtttcccaggctgcagtgcagtagcgcaatctcaggtcactgcaagctccacctcccgggttcatgccattctcctgccttggcctcctgagtagctaggactacaggtgcccgccaccacgcccggctaattttttgtatttttagtagagacggggtttcaccgtgttagccaggatggtcttgatcacctgacctcgtgatctgcccgcctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccacgcccggccTTAAAATTAtttaatagagatgaggtctcactatgttgcccagactggtctccaactcctgagctgaagtgatcctcctgcctcagtctcctgaaatgctgggatcacaggcataagacaccacacctgTCTGATTTCAAATGTTATAGGGGCTTAGGAGAGAAAATGGGAACATTGAGAAGGTATAAAGGGGAATACACAGCCACACATTACCCCTGTTCCCAGTCCAACTCTTGAAACACTTGGTATATGTCTTTCAATTTATGTggctgggtatggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttcagaggccaaggcaggcagattgcttacgcccagtctgggtaacacggtgagaccaccatctctaccaaaaaaaaaaaaaattagccaggcacgacatgcctatagtcccagctacctgggaggctgaggtgggaggatcgcttaagccagggaggttgaggctacagtgagctatgatccagcctggatgacagggagaccctgtctcaaaaaataataataataaTTTTATTTGGATAAACACATGTATACATCATTGAGGGTTAGGGGCTGGATTGGTATTTGGATACACACGTGTGTACGTAATTGAGGGTTAGGGGCTGGATTGGTCCCTGTTTCTTTTTTTATGCACATGAGAATATTCCCTTTCATACAGATTTTTATAGCTCTTCTCCATTGCTTGGATAAACCATCATTTTCTAAATCATTTATCTGTTGATTCTTTCTTCATTTGTAAATGTCCCCATTACATCCGTTGTACGTAAACTATTAAGAGTTAAAGGTTGTGAAGATTTTGATGTCCTATGACGTGTATCATGACAAACTATTCCCGAATTTGCTTCCCCTGCTACGGTGCTGAGAGTAGCAGTCAGTGGTGCCATGGCAGCACTGGGCATTCTCGTGTCGGCAATGTTTCCAATGCAACAGTCAGAAACTGGCGCCTGCTTTTCGTGGATGCTTGTGTGTCTTGCCTAGAAGCAGGGACACTTACAGGAGGGGAGAGGTGATGAACGGCCCTATGTGCTCCCATCCCGGAAGCTGTCCGTGTCCTTTGATGAGTCTTAGGACTTTTATATTTTCCTTTATTATTGGTATTCCCT
>Human| chr5:118242517-118244016 | element 200313 | negative
ttaaacatgtgcagtttattgcatgtgggttataAAAAATGGAAAAAGAATTATTGAGTCCCAAAATAAATATAAGGCAATGTTACATCACATTTTTAGTAGACTTTATGGAAAGAAAAGGTAATTAAACACTGAATTAGAGGGACAAATTAGAATTATCAGGCTTTCCAAAGGCAAAGAAAATGAGACTGGGAACATGATGACAAACTATGCTAACATTTCTTCACCTGGAAATTTTCCTGTTTACTTTAAATGATAATCCACAGAACCATGCTCCAATAGAAACTATGCTTAAAGGTACTCACATCAAGTGGACCATGAAGTATATTACAACATCATTTCCTATGAATTAGAAAGTTTCCCCACTTCTCCTTTCAAATATAGCTTTGCCATTAACTAGCTGACCCTAATTAGGAATTCATTTAACTGCACTGGGATTAATTTTTGTTCAACATTTCAAGTGGTTATTTTAGACTtgtattagtcagggttctccccagaaacagaactattaggatatatatagagagagagagaaagagatttcttataaggaattgacacatgattatggaggatgaccagcccaaatctgcagtgtgagccagcaggttcaagacccaagaggctgggcatggtggctcacacctgtaaacccagcactttgggaggccaaggcgggcagatcacttgaggtcagcagttcgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaactccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagccaggcatggtggcacatgcctgcaatcccagctactcgggaggctaaggcaggacaatcacttgaacctgagaggcgaagactgcagtgagccaagattgtgccactgcactcagcctgggtgacagcgagactccatatcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagtccaaaggtcacccaggagtcagtggcacagatgaagtccaaaggcagtctgctggagaattcttctcttactcaggggagggtcggtctttatgttctattcaagccttcaactgactggataaagcccacccatattatggcagacaatctgctttactcgatcaataaaaatgttaatctcctgcaaaatacttagagaaatactcagaataatttttaaacaaatatttgggcacccagtggctcactcaagtggacacataaaactaaccatcacTGGACCATATAAACTTGCCTTGAAGATGAAGATGCCTTGCACCTCTAAAATTATTTAATTTCATGTTTAttaaaaatgagctcaggacttctgtgtccatgaagatgaaacagatgtagttttccctgtttttcctcctaagtacaacaaaaaactggacattacatataaaaaataacctgaaaagactgaaaagtgatgagaagaaagaagacctgcatagggacctcaggatcctcaggaccaaggagtgatacgggtgagttccctggattttcattttgcctcatatatgcct
>Human| chr6:135884761-135886260 | element 200314 | negative
ttttgcatttgctggggagtgttttccttccaattacgcggtcaattttagaataagtgccatgtggcactgagaagaatgtatattctgttgatttggggtggagagttctgtagatatctctcaggtccacttgatgcagagctgagatcaagtcctgaatatccttgttagttttctgtcccgttgatttgtctaatattgacggtggggtgttaaagtctcccactcttattgtatgggagtctaagtctctttgtaggtctctgagaatttattttatggatctgggtgctcctgtattgggtgcatatgtatttaggatggttagctcttcctgttgcattgatcccttgaccgttatgtaatgcccttctttgtcttttttgatctttgttggtttaaagactgttttatcagagactagaattgcaacctctgcttttttttttgcttttcatttacttggtaaattttcctccatctgtttattttgagcctaggtatgtctttgcatgtgagatgggtttcttgaatacagcacactaatgggtcttgaactctttatccagtttaccagtctgagtctttcaaatgggccatttagcccatttatatttaaggttaatattgttatgtgtaaatttgatcctgttctcatgatgctagctcgttattctgcacactagttgctgtgatttcttcatagtgtcattgggctttatattttagtgtgtttttttgcaatggctggtacaagtttctcctttctgtgtttagtgcttctttcaggagctcttgcaaggcaggcctggtggtgacgaaatctctcagcatttgcttgtctgaaaagaattttatttctcctttgcttctgaaacttggtttggctggataggaaattctgagttgaaaattcttttatttaagaatgttgaatattggccctcaatctgttttggcttctagggtttctgctgagagatccgtgctagtgttatgggcttccctttgtaggtgacctggcctttctctctggctgcccttaacatattttccttcattttgactttggagaatctgatgactatgtgtcttggggttgatcttctcatggagtatcttagtggtattctgtttttcctgaaattgattgttggcctgtcttgctaggttgcagaagttctcctggataatattctgaagtgtgttttccaacttggttccattctccctgcctctttcaggtactacaatcaatcacaggttcagtctttttacatagtcccatgtttcttagagattttgtttattccttttcattcttttttctctaatcttgtctgtctgtcttatttcaacaaatggtcttcaatctctgatattctttcttccacttgattgatttggctattgatacttttgtatgtttcataaagttctcatgctgtgtttttcagctctatcaggtcatttatgttcctctctaaactggttatt
>Human| chr11:36427153-36428652 | element 200315 | negative
aaagtcacacagcaatgagcagtggcaaaaggatttgaactcctttctgacttagatacctgtAGtagtctaccggggctgccataacaaataccatagactggatgacttaaacaacaaaaatttatttctcaatgtcctggaggctgggaagtccaagatcaaggtgccggtcatttacattcctggtgatggccctcttcccgactggaagatgtgtactgtgtgtacacatgacctcttttgtacttgatggggagagagagctctctgatgtcccttataaggacactaatcatgtgggccctactcttatgacctcatctaaacccaagtatctctcaaaggcccatctccaaatcccatcaaattgggggttaaggctttgacatataaattttggggggactcaTAGCAACACCTTTGTTCTTTGCACTATATTGTAGTGTCAGAAAGAGAGGTCTTATGTTGGGAGAAGGATTAAGTTGATGGTTCCTGATCTTTTTTTTTTTGCCATCGTTCCTTTCCCGAGGTCTCTGTGAGCCCATCTCTTATCACATCCTGTGACTAACACTCATCATGAGGAGCATGACACTCCCCCAGCCCTCCTTTCCAGTGTTGGGGTTAGGGCTGCTAGATGTTCCTCTGTGTCTTGACTGATTTTTCAGACTAGTGGGAAATACATATGGTTGAGGTTTGAAACTATGTGCCCAGATATAAATTGAGCCCAGAATAAGCCAAAGCTTAAAAAAAAAATCAGAGCTTTCCTTCCCCATGTTTCTGTACCTTACATTCTAGCCACACTATTTTAGAGAAGGCCAGAGGATGGAGATAGGCTTTCACATCAGAGACACAGAATATAACTGAAGATGTGAAGTATCTCCCAGGCATTGACGTGACCTGGATGTCTCAAGTTGAATGAAGCTAGCCCTCCCACATCAGCAAGTGCCTGTGTGGAGGTAAACACAGCTGCCTTTATTCCAGCATCTTAAACACTGAAATAGGCTGCTCTCTGGTTACATTCAAGTAGACACTTGGGTTTTGATTTTCCTTTTGGAAGACTTGTTTGCAGAACAGATCTATCAACTCAACATGGTTGAGGCAGGATTGGTGGAGAGGGTGGGGCACAGGATGGTAGGGATGTCAGAAAGAGATGTGCAAACAGAGAAGCCTCAGTTCTTCAGCCCATTTTTCAGTTGTGACAGTCCTGTTATATGCAAGAGGGTTTGTGCTAAGTTTAATGGAAATTTTTAACCaaagagagcagtttctggattcagagagaccagggatcaagactgggctagctgtgtgaccttgggcaagtgacttcatttttctaagtctgttttgtcttttatgaaatgaggataataatagcactaacctcatggtcattgggaggattgagataatgctaaaagcatccttagcacagggtctggtaatttaataaaggtttaataaatattagccatatgattCTTATTACTGTGAACA
>Human| chr6:16114179-16115678 | element 200316 | negative
catccatgttgtagcatgtgatgagatttccttcatttttaaggctgaataatattccattgtagactacactttctttatccattcacctgtagatgggcatctgggttgcattcaccCCCTTTGAATATCTTACTTGATTGTCTACAAAATTGAAGATATTCACCACTAGGGAAAAAATAAAGTGCTAGAGAAAAAAATGTTTCAAAGTTTGGGGATGTATATTCACTAAGATGAAAAATTTAAATAAGCTGAATCAGAAAACTAAATAAGTATGCTAGACCAAATTCTCAGTATTCTACTGCTATACATAGATGCTATTTCAGAGTATATGTTATATAGGCTCTGGTGCAATATCAAAAATATTTTTAAATATTGTAATTGGAAAAGTAGAAGATAGTTATACCTACCAAATGATTACAGCTGAAGGTGACTTGCCATAGTTTAGAAATGTTGATGTATTTTTCAAAATTATTATAAAGATGATTTAGTATTTTATGTAGCTTTTTAGAATATCTTTTATTTTAACATGGCAAAGGAAATGCAGAAATGATTTTAATATACATTTCCATGCAGTCACTGCATAGATATTTTAAGAGAAGTGATACATTTAACAATTCATTTAAAATCAGGAAGGAAATATCACTAGAGTCATTATTTGAATAAGTTTTGTGCAGTTGTCATTGAAATTTAATACTTTCTATGTGTCTTTCATGTTTGTAAATCTCTAACTTTGCTGCATCTGGAGGCTGCATTGATAGTTTTATTTTTAGAAATGATTACATTaacctgggagaaactaccttaaccaagcaattaaggttgtcagtgtcatgtttccatcttgtatccctttatacgactcaatgagaatgtcacttcggctctgtgggaatcttacccaaaacttatacttattattgaatgtttcatgagaaaacatcagacaaattcaaactgagggagagtctacaaaaatacctgaccagaactcttcaaaactgtcgaggacatgaaaaagggggaaagtctgagaaactgtcacagttctggagcgactaaggataactgacaagtaacatagtatcttggagggaatcctggaagagaaaaaaaacattagcggtgaaactagtgaaatccaaaagatgtctatagcttccttaatagtaatatacaatgtcagtttcttagttttgataaatgtatggcagttataagatgttaaatttagaggaaactgggtgaagggtatatgaaaactctgtactatactaaatttacaaattcttctaaaataaaaaatttactttaaCAGATTCTATTAATATAAATTTATCCATAAGATTGCTAAAATCTAACTTGCTTTGAAAGTTGAACACTTATTCACTCAAAAATATTTAAAGTGCCTCTCTGCTATGTGTCAGTTCAGAAAGGACTAAGTTAGCCCACTGAATACATTATTAAACAGAAGCACTCAGCTTATTATCAGCCCAGATG
>Human| chr20:13662770-13664269 | element 200317 | negative
ctggctaattctttgtatttttttgtagagacagggtctttttatgttgtctcgaacttctggcttcaagcaattgtcccaccttggcctcccaaaaagctgggattacaggaatgaATAGTTATATTTATGTATttattattattattattattgagacggagtctcactctgtcaccaggctggagtgcagtggcacgatctcagcccactgcaacctccatctcccgggttcaagtgattcttctgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggcatctgccaccacacccaactaattttgtatccttagtaaagacaggatttcatcatgttggccaggctggtctcaaactcttgacttcaggtgatccaccagcctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccaccacgcccggcTAAGGAGTTATTTTTATAAAGTGTCCTGTCGACTACTTCTTTGGTTTGGTTTTCGGGAAGTAGATATTTGTTGATTTAATATATGAAAGTATTCAGAAGAGAGTGGTTAGACTATGGTGCTAATATCATGGTTTGAATTCCTGAATCCCACCTAACTTGAAGAACTAtgctatgatttgaatgcccccttcaagcatcatgttgaaatttaattgccggctgggtacggtggcttacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggtgggtggatcacctgaggtcaggagtttgcgatcagcctggccaacatggtgaaaccccgtctctactaacaatataaaaattagctgggcatggtggtgggtgcctgtaatcccagctacctgggaggctgaggaaggagaattgcttgaacctgggaggcagaggttgcagtgagctgagactgcgccattgcactccagtccgggcaacaagagcaaaacgctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggaaagaaagaaagaaagaaatttcattgccaacgcaatggtattgggaggtgaggcttttgtttttgtttttgaaacagagtctcgctctgttgcccaggctggagtgcaatggcatgtctcagctcactgcaacctccgcctcccgggttcaagcaattctcttgcctcggcctctggagGTGAACTTTTtaagaggtaattgggttatgagggctccaccctcatgaatggactaatgtcattattgtgggagtgggttagttttcatgggagtgggctcctgataaaaggatagattcaacctgatttctctctgtctcattctcaccctcccttgcccttcagccttccaccatttatgtggccctcaccagatgctgtcaccataccttcggactttccagcctccaaaactgtaagtcaaataatcttctattgtgtctaaattacctggcttcaggcattctgttataacaacacaaaacagactaagacaacctatccctgagctttttagctacgtgtgccaatatgttctcttt
>Human| chr3:134676687-134678186 | element 200318 | negative
CTGTGTAGGTTTTCCAGAAGGCTCTCAGATCACCTATGACCATTCTAACTCTGGACATTGGCAGGGCCTTTACAACTCTAACAGAAGAACAGAACAGCTCTCGATGTGCCTGTCTTCCCATTTGGTGTCTCTCTGCAAGTTATGGCTGGTGATCCCACCAGCACTGCCTTAGGCTCTCCTCTTGTCAGACGCTTGCTGTCCTCTCCTTCCTGGCTGCTTCTTCATTCCTCCGCCCTCTCCAAGTGGGGACTTTTTTCTTTAGTAAAGAAAACCTACATGTAAATTCCTTCATGCCTGGAAACCCAGGGGACATTTTGAACCTTTCAACAGTTTCTGCACCTTTGTCAGCTTGAGCAGCTGAGATGAGCCACTTTATAAGCCTGGGGGAGTTGAGATGAAAAATTTGCAGGATTTGAAAGTGGAAAAAATACATCTAATTTAGCTCTTCTTGGAAAAAGAGGTTTTCGGGGCCTGCTTCCATCTCCCTTAGGGTTGCTGGTCCCAGCTCTGGGTTCCCCCTGCCTCCTCATCCTGAGCTGCTGAAAGAGAAGGTGAGGAACACAAGGGAgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgAGGCCTCAGTGCTGGAAGCCACATTCAAGGGCACCAAGGAGCCCTCTCTGCTCTCTCAGTCCCATCAGCTATTGGCTGGTGAGAGGGAAACCACAGCCCAGATAGCCTCCTCTCAAGCTCCAGGGAGACCGGCTGTGTTCAGGGCCAGGGGAGGCCAGGGTCATTAACACCGCAGCCCTGTAACATGAGCTTCATAATAGGATTTCCCAACAGGCTACTTCATTTAGAAACCTCTCGGGCCTCCTCTGCTCCCCATGGCGGCCCTACCCAGCGACCCCCAGAGAGGAATCAGATGTAATTGGCTGTCTGTAATTGACTGTGACACCGGCATGAGCAACAGCACAGGGAGCTGGAAGGATGCCCCTCTGCAGCATGGACTCCAGGATGCTGGGCTCTGGAGGCGGCAGAGGATGGCAAGCGGGAGTTCTGGGTTCCAAACCCCCTTGTGCTCTGCATAATGATCCTTTCTGCCTTTGAGACACAGGGCTAGAAGCACCCAAATTCCACTAGTGTTGAGCAAATAATCCTGAGTCTTCCAGGCCAATGTTAGAGCTACTGATCATGATTTGGCAGCGTCCCATGCATGAGAGCTGCCCTAGGTGGATTTTGTTTGAACTTGGTCATCCATGACTTAATATATATGTATTATCAAAGATGATGACAGAGACATCATATGGTTATTACTGAGGTGGGGTGGGTAGTGGGAACATCACCACGTCAGGAGTCCAATAGGGGCCCTAATGCCATCGTTTTCTTCACCAACGTCTTCCCATGAAGACCTCTGGGGTCTGAAACTGCTGGAGTGAGTGGTATGGAGATGCTGAGAGACTGCCTCATTTATCCAGAGAGGGGTCCGCCAGGAGCATTTCTGGGCACCAGTCTAGAGAGCcatggc
>Human| chr2:199246566-199248065 | element 200319 | negative
CTGTGTCTTTTAGACTGGAAGCATGCATTTTGCTATTCTCAGCTTTACCTCTCTTCCTTTGTCATAGCATTTTCTTTTGCACATGTACACCattctttgcctgctacataacagatgtgtttctcagctcgttcttcgtagagctaggccatatttctgaaattgagcttgagtttatctttacagagttgtttcttctcgtcttgactatagttTTTTTCCAGGACAGCATGACTTGGCAGGTATTTGGGAGTGTCCACGAGGTCTGTAGCTTTCTGTATTGTAACAAGCCTACATTGTGTATGAAGGGGCACACTTAATAGCCCAAGGCTTCTGTGTTGTTGATCTGCATTTCATTTGCATTAATTTTTAGTGAGGGGGGAGtatttttatttattatttttttGCCCTCATATGCCTAGGACTATAGACTTTTCGTTTTCTAGGCATTACACAACAATAATAGAGGCATGCTATATGTGATACCATGACAGCATGACTTCAAAATGACAGGTTTTTTTCTTCCATTTAGGAAAAAAGTCAACTCCTTTTTGTTGCTCTTCTTCTGAATCCCATTGTATGAAAGAATAGTGACTAATATATAAGGCCGATAAGGGATAAAGAAAAGCTCCTGAAGTAGACTGTCTTATCTAATATGATATAACACTGAGATTTAGGTGGGAGAAGAAAACAGATGTAAAATGGTACCTAGAATAACATGGAGCAGGAGGGAGGAAACTGTTCCCAACAGGAGGCAATTAAGTGTTTGCTGTATACTATGGGTCCAACTGAACCTTTGACACTTTTCCAAAGGGGAAGGCAGAAGGGAGAATATAAATGGCTACCAAAGCTAGTGGCTGGCTTTGGAATGGGCATCTCATATGGTCTCCATTTAGCAATGCTGTAATAAACCAATGAATTGCTATGACATTTTGGAGGGTTGGAGAAGTGCAACATAGAAATACAGAACACTTTGGAAGCAAAATCACCATTCATCCCAGACATGAAGAGGTGCTAGTCTGACAGAGCCTGTATCTTCCAGTGATATCCAGACTGTGGGCTGAGGATGGGTTTGCCATGGTTAAAATCAGTACTCCAAGACTTGTGTGTTTAAAATGGAAAAAAGACTGGTGGTTGGAAACCTCATTTCTCTTTGTTACTGTTTTTGAAACATCAGGACATCAGCTTGTCTCTTGGGACTGTGCCCAGGAGGTCTAATTTTGCTGAAGGATCCAGTCAAGTCTTTGGAGTTAGTTTAGTATTCTAAATTAGTTATATTTTGATTTTACTTGGATTTGTGGAAAAACTAAAAAAGTCAACATCTAAGAGAGGCAATTCCAGGTTCTTCCTACCTCCCCTGAAATTGTATTTTGGTTGTTATGTTGAACACACAAAAGTAAAAAATATCTCTCTGAAAATGTTCATGCAGCACAAGCAGTTCCTGTTTGAGAACTAACTCATATTCCCTTGGGCTGAATGGCATAATTTCATTCCTAGAAG
>Human| chr6:164798510-164800009 | element 200320 | negative
TAGGGGAAAGGATGTCGAAACTAAGACATCTGTGAAAGCATTTGCTACACTGATAATGGAAACCCCTTCCGCATCTGTTTTGAAATCTGGGAGATAATTGTCCAAGCGAAGCTCTGTTTCAAGTAACCGTCAAGCCTCCAAACTGAAGAAAGCTGTTCTAATTCAGATTCTAAGCCATTAACTTTCTTCTGGAAGGTCATGTGCCCATCATTGACATGAAAATATTTCCTGTCTACGTGGCCTCACAGCCCTGGGCTAATCCAAACTGCTCTTTCATTCCTTGCATAAAACCTTAACATCACTTTCTTCTTATTCATGAAATGCAGTTTCTAGGGCAATGCATTTTCTCCACTTTGAGAGGGGTAACGTCAGCTACAGATACAGATATCATTTGAGTTTTTTCTCCATACATGAAAAGTTTGCTTTCCATGCTGGCAACCACGGTGATGTCTGGAGAAGACTCCTGTTTTAATCAAATCTTTAAAAAATATTATTTGCACATTAAATGAAATAAAACACTCTCCAGCTTCTCTCCTTTGCCCTTGCAACTGTGAACACACTATGCCTACAAAGCTGCTATGTCTCACCTTAAAAGTCATTAAAATGTAATAACTAAGCCTCTACAGCTATTGTCCCCAGAAAAAAAAAAACACATCAACACTTGCAGAGTGTATTTAGTTTTGAGGCTATAAGCGCTCCTTGCAAATGTTTGAACATctccattccttaaaataaatacacaaagcaattgtagatgccttcattctcctatgcttgttcacacaatttactaattcacaaaacaggtcatccaaaatgggtcattcagttattggcataattatccaggttcAGTTGTTAATATAATTAGGGGTAATGTAAATGTGAGCAATTTTCCAAACCATAATTAATAGGGCACAACAATACACAGAGAAATAAAAGCCACAATTTTCCTAAATTGCTAGTCTAGTGCTCATTAGAGTAAGCTGTGTGGgagcatttgccatgcaccaggccctaggcaggggctttaaacagatcatatcattcagtcctggacagtccccattaaacacatcagaaactgaagctgacagaggttgagccctttgttcacgtaagcagtaagtggtaaattaaacctttgtagttgggtctgtctaattttgatcactgtgcCATAGTACCTACTCCTAGATTAAACTTTTGAAAATAAATAAATCGTTTGGAGTTCCAGGGCCATCCTTTTTGGGATTATTTATTTGGATATGTTCTTGGGGGAAAATGAAAAGAGGACAGGAAGTTGAGGGAAAGACCCCTGCCTCCTGGATGCTCTTTCTACCACCTCTGTGGGCTTCGCCGCCTCTTCTCACTCACCCCTTCCACGGAGAATGGTCAACCTGATCCACTACACTGCAGAACAAGTTACTCCACATCTGCTAGGAAGTAGTGCCGCCGTATGCTAAGAGTTTGTTGATAGAGACAGTTAGCACTCCCTCT
>Human| chr2:8783771-8785270 | element 200321 | negative
ACAGGGATACACAGAGCGTCTCTTTCATTCAGGTGTCCAGGAGGCCCTGCTTCCACTGCAGGGAACAGAGAGACAGGCCAGCTTGACCTGGGCTTTTCCAGCGTCCATTCCCATACCACCTGGCCTTGACCACCTTGCTAAAGCTTGAAGGTCAAAACTGAGCCATTTTGATCACTTCCTGGTCACAGGACTAGGAAATGCCTCGCTGGTGGATATTTTCCTTTCAGTTGTCTTTAAAAGGAGTACTCTGCCTGTTGGGGTcactcccagaaataacgtcttgccagctctctgggtgtcctttagcccagtcaagttgactcatgaacttaaccatcacaTGCTCAGCTAGGCTTCTAAAGCAGCGCTTCACAGACATGCCTACACATCCAATACTGATGGGGTCCCACCCCAGTCTGGGGTGCAGCCTGGACCAAGAGTCAGGGTTCTGGGGTGCAGATCTGGTCACTGTACTGTCCGTTCCCAAAGCCCTTCAGAGACTTCCTGCTGTACCACCACCCATGTGCCAACCCCTTCATCAGGGCCCCCACCACTCTGGGCTCATCTCCCATCACATCTCATCCCTCCCCACTGCCCGTcgcctctagggtccttaggaaaaggaccctgtcctgggccctgagcttttgagggcttagcttcagcccacatctggctgagcccttcccaacCTGGCTACGGACTGAATCAgttatggattgaattgttttcccccaaaatccatatgctgaagtcctgacccccagaatctcacagtatgaccttatttggggatcaggttttcacaaagataatcaagttaaagtgaggtcattagggtgggccctacctaatatgactggtggccttacagaaaaaggaaagtaggacacagacacataaaaggaagacaatgtgaagagacacagggagaagatggccacctccaagccaaggacagaggtgctctgaaaagccaatcctgccagacctgcagcctccagaactatgaggcaagggcttcctgttgctcaagcctggcggtttgtggtgctttgtaaagtgggtagtcctagcaaaGCCAGGCAGGATCTGCAGGGTCGgcccacaggaagcccgtgccccaacttctacaccatgccctaggcacctcggagcccagaaatctctgcccaaagggcctggccccattgccaaggcctgggcaggttccttcctggaagcgtcctcccagggcgggccgcactccaaggctgcactccaagaaccagctcttggaggagggtggggcaggagcttgggtttgagagctgagAACCCGCAGGCCGCTTGCAGGACCTTAGCCATGGCAGAAAAACCAGCCCCAGAGGCGGGCAGGGGACGATGGGACACACCAGGGACCTCACTGGCCCGGTGCCCTGGGCCCCGTGAACACCAGGGGGCCCCCTCCGCCCCACGCTCCCTGGTGGCCGCGTCATTCCTCCTCAAGCCGAGTGAGGA
>Human| chr12:76209716-76211215 | element 200322 | negative
tccgctataTCTCCCAACCTAACTGGCAGACTGAGTCATGTGAAGCTCTAGGATGGACAAGGACTAAACAAGTTCAGTGCAAGGCAGGGAAATCTGATCTCACAAGAAGGGGTTGGATTCCTTAAAATGGGGCTTAAGCCAAAATCCAAAAAGGGTCTCCAAGACCATTTTAGGCTTGGAGTATCAACTGAGTTTTATGATTGGCTAAGTCCAGATGGCACAAACAACCACTATTTCAAAATGGGCTGTTCGTCTACTGGTTCTGACCAGTTTTCTAAAAAGTGGATGCCCCGCAAGTGCTGCAGCTCCTTCTGTGGGGCCTGACTTCTCGCTATCTTGCAATTTCCCTACTCTCCCAGCTCAATGTTCAATAGAACCTCACTTCCAATAAGCCCAGGACTATGGCTCTTCTGATGTTTTGCAATTGGCTAGATATAAAAATAAAATTGCACATAGAACATCTTGAACAAGGGTCAACTATCTTCACACTTTTTAATTTAAGTAAGACTTTCTGTTTGATGGACTCAATATTTAACGTGTTTTTGCCTGAATAACCTCAACATTGGATAACCTGAACAAACACTTCTTCAcagaccttgtttctaggtactgttcctcactagaaggagctaggattccttggagagaggagggccagagcaaagcaagacaagaagggtctggaatatcttatacaaaaaagtgtacaaaaaatgatgaaggctatgtcaaaaagacttagggccagcttcaagggtacctattggctaaatttgggacaatttaagcttcaacaagaattaaatggcagcattggatctaattcactgaataaaaataagaatccagctaatcaatgtagaagaagtaataatagttggtaagtcaatcatcttttttaaaagacatcatagtaataactgattttatcaagattcatcaacggatgctaaagctatagggtaaaagtttgaagaagacaggatattaaatagtctcaaaatatcttcctgtagattataaagagaaatggtagtcttctagtggagatacctagcaatcaccagtttataaaaagtgatcaaagttaatgtcatcagtaatgtgtgcctctaggtggtgatatgttgttaaggacacaacatcattgtcatggtatgcttgccaaaagtgcataatctgaacttaatgatgagtaaccctgaggcaaacccaaatcatgtgacatttctaccaaacgtctggcctgtatacttcaataatgtcaatgtcctgaaaaacaaagctaaggaactgcttcaaattaaaggagattaatgagccatgacaactaaatgcaatctgtgatcctgaattggatgctggttcagggagaaaacaaacaattacaaaaacatttttagggcaattattaaaatttgagtatgatctatatattaaataatagcatgtatcaatgttaaacgtcctgaatttgatgttggtactatggatctataa
>Human| chr3:177279906-177281405 | element 200323 | negative
ACTGGGAACAGAAAATGCTTGATATCCACATGTCAAGTCGGTTAGAATTAACTAGTTTGCTGAACAGCTGAACCAAATTTGACAAACTCAAGCTCGTTTGGGGTCCTAGCTTCCTTCCCGGCATGCTGATTTTCAAGCTGGTGCCCATTATGCTGCTCATATTAAAATGCTATGAAAGCAAAGCATTTTGTGTTGAGTGGTTGAGCAAACTCTATTATACAGTAATTATACTATCAGTATAGAATCTAATTTTATATGGAGGAGGGGGTTTTAACCAAATGAAAGAGGAAAACTCACGAACAGTATTTTTTCATTATCACTATGGGATGGTAAAATTGCAGAACTTTTAGGCTAACTTGGGAGGCTATATTTAAGCCTATTTCTACTAATTGAAATTAACTCTGTTTTTGCTGGATTTTAACAAAACTTAGCCACTATAACAATAAATGTAAATTCTAAGGAGTTCCCTCTATTAGGTGCTTATTGAGCATGCAAAAATTTGTCTGTCAATGACCAATCATAGGCACACTTGCTCTATTATTCATGATATTTTAAGCATCATTGAGACACTAGGTTACAAACGAATGGGCCTCAGGTTACAAATGAGTAGAACCACCCCAGAAAGAATTCTTGCTGACAGTGGGGATGTAGAAGATGAGGGAGGGGGGTGCGGGAAGACCTAGTTTGCTGTAGTACCAACTGAGATACTCAAGTTACTTACAACCAAGTAAAATAAGGTTGGTTATGTCACTTGTGGaatttaattaaataattattaCTAAATACCTACCACATGCAGAACATTATGTGGGGATTGTTACTATTCAAAGGTGAGTAAACGTAGGGTTTGTGCCCAGGGAATGTATAATCTTCTGTAAATCAATTGCAGTTGTTTATTGATTGCTACATAAATATTGAGTATTAAGTTAATTACAAAGGAAGGGGTTATCTGGTGTGTGGATTATCTAGGCTCTTTGTTGCTGCTTTTCCTCCGATGACTTTGCAGCTGTCTCCCACCTCCTTAGCTAGAAAGATGAAAAAATGAATGGAAACAAAACAAAAACCCTAATTTACTGCTTGTTAGCAAACCTGGAAAACTGGATAGTTTAAAGCAAGAAAATGTGCCAGTTAGAACAAGAGTTATGGATTGAATGATTTTTGTTTGTTGTCTGATGCTTATTGACAGataaataatatatatgtgttcatttgctatacatacactatatgtgcaaagatatttatatatacaaatatatgaatatttgtgtagtacatatCCCACACTGCTTAAGGGTGTGCGTGTGTGTGTATGCATGCATAATGTCTATGATCTGTTACCGCTAAAGTGAGAGAAAAAGCAAATCCAGTAATCAGCCTCCAGTCTGTATTTCCACAATAAAAGATTATTATTTGTTCGAGACTTGGGTGCAGGGTGAGTACCACCAGTCTGTGTTCCTTCTGTGGAATGTGTGGCTTGCACAATAAAACCTACTTGTG
>Human| chr5:162181596-162183095 | element 200324 | negative
CATATTTTTTCTTTAATGAAATATGGAATTTTTCACTTAGAAGATTAAAATTCAACTCCTTATGCTCTTAGGCAAGCCTCGAAAGTAGTTTGGAACAAGAGCAACAGAAACAACAAGAAAAAGTCAAAGTATAAACATATCCTTAGCCTAAATGATTTATTTGGggctggacacagtgactcacgcttataatcccacactttgggaggctgaggcaggagggttgcttgagcccaggagttcaagaccagcctgggcctcatagtgacacctcataacgagtcctcatctctacatctaccccctttctccaaaaaaattttaaaaacacctgggcatggtggtacgcacctgtggttccagctactcaagagactgagatgggaagattgcttgagcccaggaatttgagatttcagtgacctatgattccaacactacacttcagcttggacaataaagtgagactccctctcttaaaaaaaaaaGGTCCTTTAAACCATGACATCTTGGTGAATCATGATTCTTCCCCAATATCTTCAAAGGAAACTTTCACCAGAAATACTATTTAATTTGTACCAATTTTAAATTCATAGAATACAgatagtacactagggaaattatagttaacaataatttgtttatttcaaaatagctagaaaagaagaattttaatgtttccaacacaaagaaaaggcaactgttttagttgatggatgtcccaattactctgatttgatcatttcacattgtatctaggtatcaaaatattacatatacccccaaatatgtatgaccattatatagcaataaaaaCATGTATACTTTTATAGAATACATATTCTGGAACTTTCTTTGTAAGCTGTGACTAGCTCTAACAAACCTTTATTAGCAAGTCATTACAGGTAACTGTATTGTTACACTAGGTTCATTTAATCTTACCTGACTCAAATGCTATAAATTTAAAAAGCATTTTTTGAGCACTAGAGTGTATTTGTATAAAAGAGAGAGAGAGAGACAgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgAAGCATTCAACACCTTTCCTCCTTGGAGGGCAATTCTTCATTGCAAATATAATTGGAATTGGTGGGTTACTGAACATCACATCCCTCTATAGAAGCTAGGCAGACAAGAGCTATAGAATCCTATTCTGCCCACTTAATTAACAGCCATATGAACACACATGCACAAATCACATGGTCCCCAGTCGACTCTTTCTTACTTGATTGGGAGGTAAACAGGAAGGACAGTTGTAtttttttttttttttttgagatggactttcaccctcattgcccaggctggagttcagtgcaatctcggctcactgcaatctccgcctcctgggttcaagggattctcctgcctcagcccccccaccccacccccgccccgagtagatggaattacaggcacgtgccaccacgcccagctaattttgtgtttttagtggagatgcagtttcaccacgt
>Human| chr9:106436155-106437654 | element 200325 | negative
TAATCACAAAGCCCAGAAGCTAAAACAAGATAGTTCATACATATACACATTTATCTTTATTTTACTGCCTAGAAATCTGCCCCATGGAAAGCAATATTTGCTGATTTATTTTATCATTTTGTTATAAAAAATTGCCTGGTTTATCCAATCTGTCTTATGAATACTTTATCCCAAAAAATACAAAAGTAATGAAATACCACAGAAGTTATTTTTAATAAAGCAGTAGGTTATTGTATTAACTTGTTTTTATAAtttattttgaaataatttcaaagattcagaataattttaagaactgcacacattttcccatatgtctctaagttccctaattgttaatatgttaccGTCTCTCTCCCCTCATTCCCATTATTGAGCTGTAAATATATTGTCCATTTGTTCACAAGCACACTGAAATGTATCTCCCATAAACAAGGACACTCTTATTTGTTACATCTCTTCAGTGATACCAATCAGGACATCATCTTCAATAGCCACACTGCCATCCAGATCAGGAAAGCCAATTAAAGTCACCAACTGTCATGcattctatcaggttgtcatgtctcttcagtctagtctccttcaatcctgaacagatcttcagccttttcctgtctttcataatgtagacagttgtgaagaatacagacatttaattatgtaagatgatcatcaatcagggtctatccaatactgccttatgaccaggctcaggctgtgtcttggactggagcatcattgaagtggtatgttctcaggacatcacatcaggaggcaaattatattgaaccatccccttgctggttatgttaaccttgatcgtctggtcaagttattctttgccaggtttctctaaagtggctgtttccctttttaattattttgtgaggtaatactgtaaaactatgtcaatattctgttcttaattatatccatcctccagtcctagcatctgctagcaactcctgcatatcatcacaatcatggttggcaaatggtaaagcgcattttgatggtcaaatttccccagatttgaccagtggattctcttcaaaacggctcctatgttgttctggcatgttctcatcttctttgaacatttccttatgtttgccacaaaatgctccaggctcatcctgtacttttcttaacccggctctggagtcaaccacttttctaaggagctctggtttttttcagtggaggatggtatttagaaacaaagatcttaatactcagtgtgctcattcctactacagcaatattactactaggccatatcagtagagagaagtaaggaaaAAATTTtatatatatatatatatatatatatatatttatatttatatatataatacataattttatatatatgtatataAGAGTGATGAATTCCATTGTATCCATGAATATGTACTAAAAAAAATCTGTTCACGCCTTTTCCTCCAATTCCAATTCACTACTTCAGTGTTATTTCTGTACTTGTAAATCTACTCC
>Human| chr2:136115773-136117272 | element 200326 | negative
ATTCTGTGCATGTATAGTTTAGGAAATAGCCAAAGACTTAAGGCTAACGTGTATGCAGATTTTCTTTATAATTCTCTCAAGTTTCCTCCTCTCTGAGATTTTTATCTTCGTATCTACATGCACAGTGCATAGTTTGGGAAGTAGACAGAATAGTCTCTGAGAGAAACAAGTAGAAGCAGCCTGTTTGACTTATGTTGCTTAAGGCTTAAGGAAGATAAATTGAATATTCGGTGATGAATTTAGGCAGCTGAAAAGGAAAAAACAAATTATGGGAGCTAATAATGTATTATTTTTGTTAGGTTTTCAAAATTCTGAACATTTTCTTCCTGTTCCCAGCTATCATATCATACTTTCCTAATAACCTAAAAAAATACGACTGCCATTTAAGAAGTATGAAATGTAAAACATTAAGTACCAATTAAGAAATATGAAGTCATTTTAAAAAGAAAAAAAAGTTTCTCAAGTCAAACAGTCTTCAGTATAACTCATGCAAGGATTGGTCTTGCAAAGCTGATGTGCTGAATATAAGAATAAGCAATGGAAGCAAACAGAAGGATAAaataaagagtctcactccattttttgatgtttacatgcaagccctcttacccttctgccccaattgtgtacaagcagatacgaaagtgtgggtgctatttcctttggcactggtgggaaatacaagctatgcaagccccggcccacatggtaagaaccctcaccttaaccccaccccataagcccaataagagactatgcctgtctcttctccttgtttttttttcaagtcatttttatatctacttgggagcctgccctcctcatcccagaaagacttgttatgtcagtaataaaccctttcataccctcttcatgtctgggtagcatcatcagcctcgacatccaaatgaaattttgagtggaaaggtccattgcatctcttcagggtgaccatgataaAGGGAAAGCCATCTTTCAATATACGTTAATAAACTGGCATTGTGATTTTTATAAAAGAGTTTCCTTGAGCTTTATTAGCTAGAGTAAAACATCTCAGGATTTGATCAACTTGCTGTCACTGAAAATAATAAATTTCTTggttgggtacagtagatcacatctgtaatcccaacattttgggaggccgaggcagcaggactgcttgaggccaggagttcaagaccagtttgggcaacagagagagactctgtctctatagaaaaatttagtaatccccaggtgtggtggcatgtgcctacagtccaactaatggggaagctgaggtgggaggactgcttgagtccagaaggttgaagctgtagtgtgccattaccacgtcactgcactccagcctgggtgacagaatgagaccctgaaaaaaaaaaaaaggaaacaaagaaaagaaaaaagaaaagaaaagaaaagaaaggagaagaaaagaagaaaagaaaaTTTCTTAATCTACCCATTTCCTAATCTACTTGAAGATCATACCCTATG
>Human| chr5:19488663-19490162 | element 200327 | negative
TGAGTTTTTTTCAGTCTTGCGGCAGAAATAGAATCTATTCATAATTTAACCATTATCAGAGTGCATGCATCAAACAATGGTGTTTTGCATTCCCTCAAAGCTCCCTTTCCATAATCGGTACTTGATTAATAATGATTTGAACTACACTCAGCAGGAACTTGTCTTCTGTTACAATTTTATTATATTGACATGGAGGAAGAAATTGAAAGCAAAATGAACTAATATATCTTGTAACACTTCAGCAGCATGTTCTCTTTATGCTCTTTAACGAAGGTTTATTTCTTCGTATTCTCTGACTTCCCTTTCTTTGAATCTTACAGTGGCTTAATCTCCATTTTCGGACTCTGGATTCTGCTTGTTCATCTCAGTTTGCAAACATCCTTGTGGCCTTACTTGTCTTTCTGCCAAACTACAAATGCATGATCCAATATGTCATTATGTTCTGATCTGCACCCTGGAATGTCATCCCTTTGACCATCTGCCACACTCCTTCCTACTTGATAATCTTAAAATCCTGGATAAATACAGTGTCCATTGTCTATTTCTGCTTTGGATTCACAAATAATGCTGATACAAATTATAACCATCTTAACTGATTCCACCTAGTATATAGAAAAATTTAAAATAAATGTACTTATTTTATAATCTCCGAGGAGATTAGTAATCAATCTGTTAGTGTTTGttcttttttttttctttttttttttttttgagactgagtctctctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggtgcaatcttggctcactgcaacctccacctcccgggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctccaaagtagctgggactacaggcgcccgccaccacacctggctaatgttttgtatttttagtagagacagggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtctcaaactcctgaccttgtgatctgccccccttggcctcccatagtgctgggattacaggtgtgagccaccgcgcctggccAATATTTGTTCTTTTATCAGATGCTACACAGTAGCTCTTCTAAGTTTCTTTTGTCCTTTTTCTTCTGAGCTGTTTTTCCACTCTCGTCACGAAAACATCTTTTTCTGCAAAGAAGCTGCCATCTATTACCAAGATTTTTAAAAAAAAGTATTTTAAATTGTTCAATCTTTCTTTGCCATTACATCTGTATATTCAAGACTGTATTTCGGGCTTTACAAAATAAGCACAAATACACATGAAACAACTATGTGATTCTTGAAGAATATCAGGAAATGTGCTTATGAATAACACACAAATTTGTTGAAGTGTTAATTTAAAGAGGAGGGAAATGAAGAAAAAGTGAGCTTTTAAAATAAAGTCCAAGCCAAAATGTAAAATAATTCATAAACATACAACTATAATATAATAACTGCAGAAGTAGAGATAAGAACAGCTGTTTTTTTAAAACAAATATAGGAGTCTGAACTCCAAGAGAAAACTTCTACCCGTTATTTATCACAAACCTTTT
>Human| chr6:79348266-79349765 | element 200328 | negative
ACCTGTAGTCTCTTTACTTGTAAGCTCTACTAAATATTAGATTGATCCTAAGATTGGTTCCTCTGAAATTGCATAATGGCTTCCAGTAGCAATAGAGGCTAAATGCATCTTCCTTTTCATCCAGCAGGAGACAGAAGGAAGCTTCCCATAGTttgttctaagagtaagaaactttattctcagaactcaccaacaaatttcttgttgggtctcattggcccagatcactgtaaatgtgcccatctctgaaccaGATATGACCTGATATGTCATGATGTTTGATAGTCAATCACAGTTtccactacactgacctacttgcaattctagtaatgcccacattctctgagaccaccgtagctttcacattcttttgcctctaccttgaatttattttctgctcatcatgattggtcaagtcataccctgtaatatttatttcaaatgtcacctccttttgaaaggatgttttatcactttattcacctccctaaatttagtttgttgccactcctttttattcccatactactcCCATAAAAACCTTGATGCTAACATTGTACTCACTTTTTTTTGGTCTCAATTATTTAAGGGTGTAGTTATAACACTCTAGTTATAACAGAACAGTGACTGTCAGTGACTTACATGTATGGTAGATGATTAATAAAATACTGGTTAAATTAATTAGTAAAGAAATAAGTGAAAACAGCATCACCATGAAACTGCCCTCCCCAAAGTCAAAACCAAGACCTGCCCTGTTTATGAGCCGTAACACCCCCACCATTCAAGGGGGTGGTGACGTCAGCCAGGAAGCGTCTTGAAAGCAAGAGTCAACACTAATTAAATGCTCAATAAATGTTAATGAATATAGGAATAAATATTAATACATGAAAAATAAAGTTACACATAAATATGTTAAAATTCCCTTACAAAACAAATATAATTCCCTTATATGTCACCCTCTGGGTAGGAACCAAGTCGCAGTTTTATTTTGACTAATCGTATTTTGTGAATAGAAACGATAGCCCTGGTTGCTGTTCTCTGGGAGAAAACACTCTACCTCACTTCATCCAAACCTCATTTTACAAACTGAGTTGCCCTCACTGGCTTTATAGGTCTCTCAACTTACTGGTTTTCTTGCTGTATTTGTCAGATGCCTATACTTTCTTAGAGGTAACAGGAGCTACATTAGTATAGCCATGGGGCCAAGAGTCAAACCAAACAGGCAAGGTTCCCAATTCTTCCTCCTGTTTTTATTGGGTGTGCTGTGATTTGTATGTATTTTATATATGAAAGGTCTTTTAAGATTTTAGTCTAATCATTTTCAAAACATTATCTTAGCCCtaatgactaacatttattaatcattaactttgtacaaggtttagtgtttaacgtggattatagggctataaaaaaccctgtaaaatttgtactatatgattttcatttttatagattcagaatctaaACTTAAATGAACACTCTAATGGGGAAATTACA
>Human| chr2:100664741-100666240 | element 200329 | negative
TGGGACTTGTTAATGCCATTTTTAATTTAGCATGTTACAGTGTAAATGTTTTCCATTGTGTTAATTTACACCTGTTATCACAAGCTTCATTATTAGGTTTATAGTGGAGCAGCTCTCCGTGACTCTGAAATTTGCTTAAAATGGCAGAAACAATTACTAATTAGAAGGGCATGTTTACTTTAATTATATTTATTTCCTAGTCTAGTTTTACATGTAATGTACTATGGAAGTGTATGATTTAATTAGTGAAACCCATTTATGAAGAGCAATTTCTCAAATGAGTACTGCTTACAAAATACAACAGATTCTTTCAGTGTTTCGTAAATTCCTTGGGTGATATTTCTACAGAGAGATATCCACATGGAAATCTTTCACTCATGAGTTCAGAGCATTTCCCGTTTTTGTTCCAAATACTGCAATAATTACCAGTAACAAGAATTCAGCTCTAGAAATTTTTAATGCAAATCTTAATATATGGTGTGCAAAATGTAGAAATGTATGAGTATAATCTTTAAAAATCTATAACCAAAATTAACATGGGATTTCTTTATTGATGTTCACGCTCACAAATTTCAAATCCTATTTTATCAAATCCTACTGACAGTCACACTCACAAATTTAAAAATCCCACCTTAATATATAAAAAGCAAATTCGGTTTTTTAAAATAAAAAAGACATGGCTTTTTTCCTCTCTGAAGTCATTTCTCTGGCTTCCAAAGCACAACTGCCTTTTGTTTTTGTCAAATATTGAGGCACAgtaactaccaatgaaataaccaattcaggcaaagatcattctgcgaaagactacggggaatgggatattcacctggtctcaaaagatcaccccacaggctccttaatcacaaaaggaagaaagaaccttatagcacagagaaatctggtggccacagccttattcatgtgaccatacatcccaccaaagggatagtgtgacaccgtgtacttcctgtggtgccacaggggaaggccactctgtcttgatgggatattctcgcatcttataggaggaaacaattggaactgggggacattccgcaagacctagcctggacttttcaagatgctacatgtcacaaaagactttgaaaaagctggaagactattatagattcaaaatgaggctaatgagatgtgacaactaaacataatgtgtgatctctggctagatttcggactttagaaaataacggccataagaaaaattactaagacaattaaggaaatctgaatataaactgtgcactagatattattatattcaggttaaagtgtcctgagttacactagaaatgtttagggattaactgtagtgacctcaaagagtctttcaaatgttcagaaaacaaagtgagagctatcaagagaatgtggcagaatggctagtgaatgtgggtgatgagtattcgcccatctccatgacaccattttttaaacttttctatatacttgaaattttaaaaaatcacagttgggaaa
>Human| chr1:72557899-72559398 | element 200330 | negative
GTAGAGACTAGCCTGAACCATCTTTCTTAGGAGGCTGGAGGGCATCCTGCACCTGCTACAATCCTTGGCAAAGTTTAATAGCAACTTTCAGTCTAGTCAATGTTCTCTCTCTACCAAACATGAAAAAATGCTTCTGAGTTGATGTGTTCCACCTCCTGTAAACAACACACTAGGAGGTGGAGAGGCATTTGGGGAAAATTTCTAGCTGAACCAGAAATTTATCTATTTATTGACTTTTTTTTCTGGAAGGAAACATGCCTTTAAAAATCATGTTGCCCTGTGATTTTCACTTATCTAGCAAAGTTTTACTTAACATGAATGACATAATCCACGAGTCAAAGGTAATCATGTTTTTCTCATTTTCAATCCACAATGAATACATTAGAGATGAGCTGTTCTTCATTGTTGTACTACAATGTATAATTTCCTTAACTTCCttttctttttcttttgaggcagggtctcactcttttgcccaggctggagtgcagtagtatatcttcgttcactgcagcctcgacctccccaggcttgggtgatcctaccacctcagcctcccaagtgtctgggactacagatgtgcaccaccagtcccagctaagtttttgtattttttgtagagaataggtttcaccattgtgcccaggctggtctcaaatttctgggttcaaactatatgcctgtctcggcctcccaaagtgttaggattagaagcgtgagccactgtacctgaccTCCTTAACTTCTTATCATTATTGGTGAGTCTAATTTTACTTTGAATATTTTACAAGCCTTGTACCTACTACAAAAGTTCCTTAAAAATGAGAGACTCAAggctgggtacggtggctcatacctgtaatcccagcactctgggataccaaagcaggcagatcacgaggtcaggacatcgagatcatcctggccaatgtggtgaaactctgtcccttataaaaatataaaaattagctgagcatggtggtgcatgcctgtagtccctgctagctggtaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacccaggaggcagaggtagcagtgagcaaagactgtgccactgcactccagtctggtgccagagctagactctgcctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGATGCTCAAATGTTAGAATAAACAGCAAAAAAATTTTAGTTATTAAACTAACAATTTCACATACAAATATTCTCTCAAAAAACTTATGTAATTGGCTTCTGAGTTCTCATAGTTTTGGGGAAGAAATTATTTGCAAGTCATTAACACTCATCAATAGTTTCAAATGTGGAAAGGCAAGATTATTCTGTGGTCATTATGTTCCTGTAATGTCAGGTATTTATTATTCCAAATGCAAACTACATTTCCATATCAAAACCTAATGAGATATGAGAACTTTCTAATATTGTATTATATTGGTGATGTGCTTCTTTTTTTTAACCTAGAAATATGTTCAAAAAATAGTGAGTCTCATTTAGGCCTTACTTATAAGCCA
>Human| chr2:46271978-46273477 | element 200331 | negative
GCTCCGCTCTGCCTCTCCAAGCAGGAGAATCTGTCACAGGGAAGGCTTCACTCCACGTGGTGTGTGATTCTAGTGTATGTTACATGTTTGTATCTTCTTATTCTATATACTTCGTTATGTATAGTATATGTTCTCATATTTTATTTTACAGAGCAGTATACATAAAACCATATATGCTATATTCTACAGGTGAGTTAAAGagcattttttaagctccgggttgtgttcaattagtggatcacaaaattcatgtagtgtgtctccatgggcatttttactttaatgaaacagagtagggtagacaacctagggtataccacatatagcaaaaataggaattccattggggaacatttaatttgagttacttatgtgtatgtacacatatataGTATTTACATACATACATACACCCTCATGTGTGAATAAGTTGGCCATGTATGTGTCTACATGTTTATTGACTGGGTCATCAGTACTGCATGTTGTGGTTAAAAATAAAACACTGATTTAAGGGCTGTTAAAGCAATTTTGACCGTCCTCTTTGACATATACAGAATTTTGCCTGACTTATTTATCCCTCAGTCCTACCTAAGACAGGCTAGCGCCAGGTTCATGGGTTGGTGGAGATGTTTAGGCTAGTAATATTGCAGGAGCTTCTCAGGCTCCAGTCAGTAGGATCTGCATGTTGTTTTGTTTCTTCTCTCTCCTCCCTCTGGTATCAAGGGATATCCACTGTGCTATGGAAAATGAAGCATATggctgggcatggtcactctcgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaagcgggatgatcacttggggtcaggagttcgcaaccagcctggccaacatggtgaagccctgtcttcactaaaaatacagaaattagctgggcatggtggcacatgcctgtaatcccagctgcttgggaggctgaggcacaagaatcatttcagcctgggaggcagttgttgttgcagtgagccgagatcataccactgcactccagcccagagcagaactctgtctcaaataaaaaaaaaagaagaagaaagaaaaTGAAATTGAAGCATGTTAGGCTGTAGGTCTTAACTTACAGTGTGGGGCCCTGGTAGAGGGAACTGAGTCAGCAGGTGAGAGATCAAAACAGCATCTCCTGGGGGACAAAGACAATGGCTGGAAGGAGGCCTGAGTCACAGACATCCTCAGCTGTCATGGGAAGATGGTATCTGATGGTAAATGAAATAACTCCCTTTCTTCCAGAGAGGCCAGTGCCCCTGCTTACCCAGTGGGATGGCTGGGATTCATTTCTGGTGGCAGTACTGGATGAGAACCATAAGAGCAGACCTGTTTCCTAACAGATCAGCTGCCATCCTTTGTTCAGAGTAAATCAGCTGCTCCAAGTTGGCTGAGCAGCCAGCCTCCTGTCTCCACCAGACTCAGCATGCTCTAGCCGTTGGATATAGGCTCTGGGGCCTGCCCTACCTCTAGGGCT
>Human| chr2:117420663-117422162 | element 200332 | negative
gtctgattccacattgcaagctccttccaaagcagtactgcctcAATGGAATTGAACAAAGTAGGTTTGACGATTCACAGCTATTTCTCCAGATTCTACACATTCAACCCTGATCAGAATTTACTACTGGCAACCCTTAGTATTTATTTTGGCAGGATAAATCAAGGTTTACCTACTGAAGAAAGTGAGTGCCACTTTTGTCTTGATAAATTAAAGCAAAGTGACTATTCTTTCCCACAAACTCAAAGTGAATTAAAATATTGTGAAATTTGGAGACTTGGTTTCAACTTTGTAACTTCGGACTTGGCAAATAACCTATGTCTTATAGTCTTTGGTGGTAATGCCTCAGTAGGCTTTTGTGAAAAATGCGTGATGCACAGAAGAAAAAAAACTGGTAAATTATAATTCACTGTGAATATATATTATTGTCCATTATCATTGTCAGTAAAAGGGATTGAGGAGTTGGTAAAATTCTCTAGCCAAAGACCTAAGGAGAAACACATTCATagtcaataaagggtaaattgaacagacaattctcaaaagaagacatacatgcaaccaacaaacatggaaaaaagttcaacatcactaataactagataaatgcaaatcaaaaccacagtgagataccatctcatgccagtcagaatggctattcataaaaagttaaaaaacaacagatgctggtgaggttgcgaacaaaagggaacacttttacactgttagtgggagtgcaattaattcagccatcgtggaaggcagtgtggtgattcctcaaagacctagatgcagaaataccatttgacccagcaatctgattagtaggtatacacctaaagaaataaagacatataaagacacatgcacaagtatgttcattgcagcactagcactattcgcaatagcaaaaacatggaatcaacctaaatgcccatgaatctgaataaagaaaatgtggtacatatacaccagggaatactatgcagccataaaaaggaacaagatcatatcttttgtagagacatggatggagttggaagtcattatcctcagaaaactaacgcaggaacagaaaaccaaataccacatgtcctcacttataagtgggagctgaacaatgagaacatatggacacagggaggggaacaacacactctggtgcctgtcaagggtggttggtggcaggagggagagcatcaagaacaatagctaatggactcggagcttaaccctaagtgatgggatgatctgagcaacaaaccaccatggcacacgtttgcctgtgtaacaaacctgcacatcctgcacatgtacccttgaacttaaaagttgaaggagaaaaaGTGaaaaaaacagtctactgctacttgcaagaatattgaaaaaccttacagacgtaatattgagcagcagaagctaaatatcaagtaatatatgtagccttttcaatttgtatgaagctcaaaaatagtaaaaaaaaaaagaaagaaaagaaac
>Human| chr3:1179990-1181489 | element 200333 | negative
CATTGAATATTGGTCCAACTTCACACTATAGAATTTTATTCTCTGCTTTTTTTTTTTCCAAACTTGAATTGAAGGAAAGCCACTTTTACTCACTCTACtcctacccaatatatttaagcaggtcatttttaaaactcaaatacattacttagtatatattcttattaaataccatcttTATTTATTTACTGTTTTGGCCGATACTGATCTGTTTTGTTTTTTCTTTAATTTGACAATTATAGCAAAACAGAAGAGAAAGAAACATTTTCTGTAGTGTGACCACTTTTTCTTAAATACATTAAAAAAGGGTTTTTTCCTCTACCACTCTAATATTGCTCACAGATAAATCTATTTATATTTTCCCAAAAACAAAATTTTAGAAAGTGCTTTGCACACATTTCTGTTTTAATAGGACCTTGCTATATTATTGCTTTGTTTAGTTTTTTAAAAAATTTGGAATATATGAAGAAGCAAAAACACTGAAAAAATCTGCTGCTTGCCATTTTACTtacatatatgtattatatatctatataattatatgttatatctatttgtatgtatgcatctaCCTTTTCATTCTTTTCATTCCAGATATTTCCGATTTCTGCTATCTGATATACTCACTATCTCTTCTAGCTTTCTGTGATTCTGAGGTTAATCAAATATTCAGTAGGATTGGGCTGAGAACTTACCACTAGAAACTTCTCTCTAGGCCAACCTTTAGCCcaggggtgggaaaactatggccatgaattaattattcttcacctgttttttgcaaataaagtttttattaaaaaaactgccacttccatttgtttatgtcttgagtaagactagttttgcattctaatagtacagtttagtaatggcaacagtgaccaggctggaagtatttgctatctagtcctttatggtcttttacagaaaagatttcccaatctctgCTTTAGTCATTAGTAAGTAGTCCCTGCATTCTGTTATTGAATTCATTGCTGAGAattgaaactagcataaattcctatccctgtactaaaccgcactgaaagcaaaaataatttagctacttgcttcaggaaattcttgcttctagaggacaaaacttacttttcaagaccaacatcatcatctgtatcaagagcctgaccttcttgtactcatcaaattaaaactattatgccctaatctctacccacatttaatcagctcctcatcttgcaagaacaaccttaaaatcacctaacccaggtcacgaagccctaaaaataTTGTTTTaaaaaaaaacttcagctgaattaaattgaaaggagtttaattgaacaatgaacaattcatcaatcaggcaacccctgattctggggcaaaccccagaatcacagcagatttggagagactccagggatacctcatcatcagaacaaatttgtagaaaataaaagggaagtgacttacagaaatagaaagcgaggtacagaagcagctggattggttacagat
>Human| chr1:54477246-54478745 | element 200334 | negative
GTCAGGCTCCTCTCTCCTGAGAACCTTCAGGTGTGTCTAAGGTCTGGGGCCAGGTCTTCCcattcattcattcgctcattcattcaGCAAGCCGTTCtgaatacccctctgtgctaggcactggggccccgatatcaagcggactgggcctgcctcagaggagttcacagtctgatgggggtggcagatgtgccaatcaagagcgacaaccagtgtgacaagggctgggacacagggaatcacagggactgtggaagcccaaaggagacactttaacctagtgtgggagtcagggaaggcttcctggaggaggtaacatttgaactctgccttgagggatgaatacgggttctctgggagtggagacgcacagggtgaaggcattccttagtgggggcatgtatgtgtgtccctgactgggaccaggtcggggcaggtgttcCTGGATGAAGGCACTGGAGCATCAAAGCCATGGGGACTTGAAGGTGCCTGATGTGTTCAGTATGGATGCCAAGAGCATCGGAGTGTGGGGGAACCCCTGGGAGGGGCAGCACCGAGCGGGTACTCACGGCACAAGCTCTCATCCTCGTCCTCGCCGTGGGTACAGGTGCGAACGCCATCACAGACCCCACTGGCTGGAATGCAGCTCCTCTGGTCATGGCACAAGAAGCCTGTCCTGTTTGTCAGTGTTATACAAGCTTGGGCTCCTGAATGGGCAGGGAAAGGCCCTGGAGGGTCAAGGGTGGTGCTCACAAGGACAAACCTTCCTCACCTGAACTCCGCCTAGAGCTGGCCTgaggggctggggcagtggggaggatggacccagcgccatcaatggggttcaagccccagctgtacccgctgccggctgcctgatcttgggcagatgacctgaccaccctgagtctcaggttgtttgcaacatgggaatcatagcacacaccccgtgggactgttgtggggattaaatgaaagcatctctgtgaagaaacatagaacagAAAATGTGCAGAACTAGTAATGGTTCTCTCTTGTATTGAAAACTTATTTACAGTGTCATGGGAAGCTTCTGAGGACAATGTTCAATTCAGTGAAGTGGTTTTAATGGTGGAGCTCCTGGTACCAGGTTAGAGTGTCAGAAGCAATATATTTGGGCTGGCTGGAGGGCCATATGTCATAATTCCTTCTATCTGGGCACAACTGCAAAGCACTTTCATATCTTTATTCTATAGTTCCCCAAACACCCCTGCGACACGTCATCATTAGCCCCCCATATGGGAGGAGAAAAGGAATACCCACTCCTAGGGCTGCCCCAAAGAATTAAAAGGCAGAAACCTACGGACAAGGTAGGAGGAACCCCTTGGCCCCACATGTGTATACGTGTGCATAATTGGGGATGGGAGCCAGTTTGTGCATTTGTGTTTGTGCATGCGTGAACCACCTCTCAGTCCCTGGGCTGCCTCAGCTAGTGTGTGTGGGGGAGGCGGCGGGGGGGAG
>Human| chr9:99045547-99047046 | element 200335 | negative
aagtgctgggactacaggcatgagccactgcgcccagccatttctcttaaagcaaaaacctgcttataatctgctctttaacaaaaattgtaaaggtttatataaggtttatgaaaatcttaccttatggtcaaactgatgaagattaaatatatttgtctataaggttttattaagaattgagtctgacatcaataatgcactaatgcaaaagtgacatttggcttatttggtataaaaatcatacagggagcactgtcaaatataaaatagtgtgtggctttctgtgttccaaaataatgggaaattcctataattctgatatgacttactgtatgttaattaataattataattgttacataaaatcattgtatgccacaaaggtaaccaaatttcctttgtcaatcatgttttttactgtggctgtcctaaaactttttgtcatccacaaaaaaaattgttgtcttgttttggtcctctttggaagatggtttataactagttatagagctctaacaagtgctcttaaatgcaggtttctgataactttggaaattgtgacattagaatagaggaaaaaactttcaggactctcgtgaagagctgaaatgttcatgaatatcaagcagaacagcagttaacctgaattgactgaaccagtaaaagtctaaagtggctggtgcagtggctcctgcctgttaatcccagcactttaggagtccaaggcaggtgaatcacaagaaattccagaccagcctggccaatatggtgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaaaaaattagctgagcatggtggcaggtgcctgtagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgaacctgggaggttgcagtgagctgagatcatgccactgcactccagcctgggtgacaaagtgagactccatcttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagactaaagtaatctttttaaactttttgcttaaaatgttactgttttgttttgtttttcagagtcaagaaaacttttcttttgagctatttaaagcttttaacaattgagtaaagtatactactgtgaacaaaatttggagcacatttgtttctctctacctgatttctccagaatttgaaaactagttgcgagtattcttaatttaatgacagtatagctatttgcataagtgcaaaaagaatctgttttcttttgcaaattgacacaattagagaaactggttattttaccaaggctttaactggaatggtgtgctttcctttaaggaatcatacttgacttgtaaagccagtaagagtccattgagaaactggcctcataccttgcctacgcagtgccagtacaaggtttctgacccatagtaagtaaagaatatcactttctaacaggtccagaagccccaagttatcttgggacccccaagaggggaggaatttactcaactcataggtatttgagggta
>Human| chr14:105665574-105667073 | element 200336 | negative
CAGGCCACAGGAAGTGGGAGGTCCAGCGGCTTCCATTCCTGCCCTCGATCAGCCCTTGCTGCTTCCTGCGGCCAGGCCCCCGCTGGCGCCGGGCGGCCTGGTGAGCAGTGACTCATCCAGAGCCCAGCACCCGAACATCCCACTCCCGGCTCTCAGCAGAGGACCCCGTCCCCACCTCACCCCACCATCTGGCCTGGGCTGCAGGACTGCCACCGCCCAGCACACACCTCCTCCTCAGTGGCCCTGCACCTGCTCCCACCCACCGGCTGGGGGTCCTCCACTATAAAGAGCATGACACCCCAGCCTCAGGGGACTCCAGCCCCCCACTCTCAGAGGCCCTTGCTGTCCCTGGCTGTGGGgctctgcccacctctgccctgctctccctacctctgccctgctctcccTAGAGCCACCAGCCCTGCCGTCACACACCCTCTGTTGCCTGAGTCCTAGGTTGGAAGGCCTACCTACCTCTACACCTGGGACCTTCTGTAGCCCATTTCAGCCGGCCAGCCCCTCCTCTGGGAAGGCTTATGGGCTCCTGAGAGCCCTCTCAGCCCCGCCTCATTGAGGCTGCCTCTCCTGCCTCCACCCCATGGACCTTGTCTTTGAGCTTGGTGTGTCCCCAAGGCAGAACTCACCCTCCAACCCCATCCTATTGCGACCCTCGCCCAACTCGCCTGGAGACACTGCACCGGTCAGGATGAGAATggaagttgggccggaagttgggccggGCAGCAGAGAAAGCTCCGAGGAAGCTCCCCTGTGCAGGGTGCCCCGACCCCAAATCCAGGTGGCCACCCCATTTAAGTGACAAAGGAGCTAGCTGCCTCAGTGGACTCCTTCCCTCCCTAGAGGCCTCCTCTCCCATCGGCGAGGCTCCTGCCCTCCTCATGACACTGTCACACACGCCCAATACCTGCAAGAGGGCTGCACCCACACAGGCACTGAGGGCCCCTCAGGCTGCCACCCCACACAGCCCACCCAGCTGTCCCGCAGCGCCTCCTGATGGCCAGGGCCCGAGGGGCCTCCCCCAGCTTGCAGAGCCTGCGAGCATCCTGTGCATGGGTATGTACAGATGCACCTGTCCCCCAGTGGCCATGTGACCACCACACCCCTCCCCTTGGTGGGCTGGGAAATACTGTCTCTGAATAGCAACCTCCCCGGGAGCCAGGCCGGGACACACCAGCCCAAGAGCGTGCCCAGGGCCCTCCAAGGCCACCAGCAGGCTGCTGAGCCCTGATTTTCACCTCCCAGGATCACATCATCCCAGGCTCTTCCAGCCCCAGGCCCTCCACACATTACAGGCCCCTAAATTTGGCCCCACCTGAACCTACTCCTTTCCGCTGTCCCCCTCCCCTAATAACAAATCCCTGCTGAGACCTTCACCAGGGAGCCAGTCTCATCTCCTCCTCCACCCACCTCCCGGCCCCACCCAGGGACACCCCCATCCTCTGGGCCCTTCTCCATCCCCTCCCCAGAGTGCTCCAAAAT
>Human| chr14:72958767-72960266 | element 200337 | negative
ctacgcactgaactgtggggcctgtagggatggaaagtgtgatacctttcctcatctaccataaggattacggccaacactgctataacaaaagaggttaacaagagaaaagcataaatgcatttatttcatcagtttcacatgacacagaagccttcagaaatgaagactcaaagacccagggaaaactgtatttgtgcttaggttccatgaagaatgggaagccttgtagaaatgtgattggacaaaagggtgtgatctactggtaacagactgaggggaggaaacccagcaaggcctgtctgttcagattcttcttagtgtctctgagtagcattcctacctcccaggtaggacctctctggaatgagggttttcaagggagaagggagcgagtgacctttctaggttttgtggcttgctttgcaggagaggcattctagtttctatgacccactttggcgaaaaagaattcttgtttctatgacttacgtcgggggagaaaaagggatgggagacgggggcaggagagaaggtgaaagccttggcttctgaggcccttccattctcctttagttcaaagtactcagcatgccaacatactatactttagggtatcatgttctgagccccaacagaccctcagcccctccccgaccctgctctcaggcctccaggagccagacatatatacccacaggcaagagactgtcaaagtacaacctgtgggccaaaccatactccattctgtttttgcaaataaagttttattagaacacagtcacacgcattcatttgcaagctgtctatggctgcttttatgccacagcagtagagctgagtagtggcaacagacaccatctggcccacaaagcctaaaatatttactatctaggccctgcagaaaaagcttgccaatgcctgCCCTAGGGAAAAATAGACgccccagaggaaagactccagatccctcatttggagctcccattaaaatactggtaaacttccctatgacaatgaagcccatcagtgacaagccccatccacacgcccactgagccgccaagcaggtttcagtacctcagtcttaagtacaaatggatgtccaaagattttccagacactccaggaaggctcagcgtgaaagagtataatcaaaataaaccgacagaaaaaaggaacttggaagaaccaaaataattcaacaactggaagaaacttacaataaaagtatagaactcatattatctgagaaatgagaaggtatttcatccataaaacaagaactagacactatgataaccaaaagtgaactctgaaacttagaaagtaatggctcaaaattaaaaaataaataaatagttaaaagagagtttaacaaaaagacaaggagatgaaaaatgggagggaaaataaacaattcaggatgtccaatattgaactggaaaaaaaaatataggacaagcaaacaaaggaaacaaagggtttaaaattagtgatgaa
>Human| chr18:44418369-44419868 | element 200338 | negative
agcaggtctgacctgggaagctccagccctgcagagtccactctctcactgctatactgCCTCTATCTAAGTGTCTAACCAGAGTTCTAAAAGGGAGCCTCGAAATTACTGTGATTCGATCAAGGTATGTGGCACGATATAACTCATCACTTAGAACAGAAAAAGGTCAGAATAAAACCTGGGGCAGCTTCTCTTCTTATGATACATCTTTCTATATTTTTCCTGCCTTTAAAAACAAATTATTTCTTAAacagaatcttacagtatgcccaaggcttttatataaatctcataaaatcttcataactctatgactccagaaaagctggtatctacatttctatttctgaaatgaagatgctgaggctacaagaggttaaaaccacacactcactgagacacagctgatggagctatatcacaaatccaaatggtcctcacatcccagAGACATGCCAGTTTTATAACATTACAAATGGTGTTAGTTTTTTAATTTAATTACCCACCTTTTCCTCCTTTGCTAAGTTTTTGTTCTATTAAAAATGAACGTTGACTAAATACCTATTCAGCACCCAATGAGATAACCGGTTTTTTATATCCTTTCAATTATAAAATGAATAATTTTAATAGATTTTCATATTATCCTTTTTAAAAATCACATGTTATTCTTTTTAAGTAGTACCAACATAAATATTGGCTGGTTATTTAGAAATTTTCCACCAATGTAAGTGAGTTGGCTTTTTTACACAATCACTGTGTGGAAACAACTCAATCACTAAACTTATTATTAAATTACACTATACCTATTCAACAAAATGCCCACAATGATTAAAATAAGACCAATCTACACATACTAATATACTTAAGATACACTGTTAATTAAAAAACAGCAAGCCATAGGACAGTATATATACTTTCCAATAAACATACATATAATTATATAGAGAATTAAATCTGGAAAAATCTATCATGCTACTAGTAATGTTACTTCTGAATAACAGACCTTGTGAATTTAAAATGATCATTTTTACTTTTTGGTTCTATTTGAATAATCTATAAGTACCTATTTGTCaatttttataattttttctttaaaataaCGTTCTAACTCAGCCTACCACGGTTTTTACAGTTATcagttctcatttggtttcaaaacccctttaaactcttaaagattaagacctaggccaggcacggtggctcccagcactttgggaggccgaggagggtggatcacctgaggtcaggagttcgacaccagcccagccaacatggtgaaacccaatctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggtgtggtggtgggcacctgtaatcccagctactcgggagactgaggcaggagaatcacttgaacctgggaggcagaggttgcagtaagccgagatcataccactgcactccagcctgggcgacaagagcaaaactctgtcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggccgggcacagtggctcacacgtgt
>Human| chr5:124433906-124435405 | element 200339 | negative
ATGTCACCTGAAAGGCACTTGAAAAAATTTTAACTGTCCAAAAGAAATATTAGACGTTAATAATATTTTATGTCCTAATTAAGATGTACATGTGTCTTTGTAGTGAAAAATTCTGGCCAAATGTTAATTAGAAATGATAAAGATAGCTGTCATATTCTCTTTTTAAAAATTCATCATTCTTAACCATTCCTTGTCCAACAATTCTGAATCTTAAAGAATAAAGCATATAGTTATTGCACTAAGAATGATCCAAGCAACTCTTAATGCCACGTGTCACTATTCTATGTGTTTGAAATAAATAACTAAAATATGGTCTTTGCTTTGAGAAATGCAAGCAAAAATCTTTGGGAAGCTTAACTGCTTATCCCCTCCAATTCAGCTGAGTTACATGTCTTCTGAAAAAATCTTGTTTGAAATAGAAAAAGGCATTTGACTGGGTTAAATGATGTTATTTGGGAATTTTGTAAGTGCTGCAGGGTGAGAACACACATTGTTGATTTTAAATGAAGAGAGCATTTTCCAAACCACAGCCTAGTTCTGGCCCCTACCCCGCCCCTTTCTGGGTCAATCAATTGCCCCCAGGCTGCTTATAGTAAAAATCATGTGTTAAGAGTAGGTGAATTTCAGTGGCTCTCATAATTACATTTCTGTGTTTCTTCAAAATATCTGATGGATTGAAACTTTACCCTCCCTCTGCAAAGAGATTATGTATTTGCATGCTCCATCTCAACTCCATTTGAGTGCACGGTCATCATCAATACATTTTCTGGACTGGTGTCTCAGCTTATTTGGGGGAAATAATGCCATCCTTCAGGCTTTTGTTCTCCTATGTGCTTGGATCTATAAGTAAATATAATGGTGCAGCAGTCAGGAGGAGGAACCCCTTATTAGATTGCTGTTGCTCTGTTCAGGAGAACCCACTGGAAACTCTACTGGGCAATCTCACAGGAAGCTCTCTGTGTGCCAGGGCTTCTCAGCTAGATTTTGTTTAACAGCTTTGTGGAATATTAGAATTCTTTTCATTTTTGGTAATAGAAAACTGGCTCAGAATACACACTATTGGGCCACATGTGGGCTTTTATCTATATAACCTGATCTAAAGTCTTAAAACCAATGCTAAAAGATGGGGATAGAAGAAAACATTTTGCATTTATTTTAGGTAAATGAGACTTGAGACATTTTTCTTCCCATGCATTTATTTGCTGTATATCCAAGTATAAAAATCTAAGGTTATTTTTGATATTTAAACTTTGCTTGAGAAGATTTAAGAAAATATACCTATATTTAAAAATAAACCAATGACTACACCTATGCATTTTAACCATTTTTAGAGAGAAAGTTTTCTGTGCATAATAGCTTATCATGATGTGGGTTCTTTGCTGAGGCTTCAGAAATTGTTAGTGCCAATTCCAATTTGCTTAGTTCATTTACTTTGCACCTAAGTTGTAAATTAATCATTGCTGGTAACATCAATTTAGTTGTAATTAATCATAGAGGGAG
>Human| chr3:124792122-124793621 | element 200340 | negative
gcTTCACATTTGGTGAGTCCAACCTTCTCTAACAGAAACAAGAAAGTGCACACATGTACACATGCACTGGTGTGTGTTATTTAAAACAAGATACAGCAGAAAAAAAAAAACAGGCTTTCCAATATTTTAGAGACTCTCATTTAGAGAATCACTCTGCACCTTTTAGAAGGTGGCTGTGTCTCCCTTCACGCCAACGAAAGGTGGTGAGTCTGCATCCCCCACTCACCCTTGGCAGGTTGGAGGTTGGGAGCAGGGAGCTGGTGCCAGCCGTGATGCTGCAGAACGGGCTGCATTCCCGGAAGCACAGCCAGCTGGAGACCCCTGATGCTGGTGGGCCTTTCTCACCATCTGCTTTGCCTTCTACTTGAATGTGGCCTTCTTCCCAAGAAGAGTGCCTTATCAAGAGTCAGGGGCTTAAGCCTCTCCTTCCTGCCTCAAGCTGACTAACTGGCATCTGTTGCTGCTGTGAGCCTCCCCAAAGGAGCCCAGGTACATCTCCAAGACACAGGACTGCTGAGCAGTATTTGGTGAGCACAGATTTCCACAGTCCCCCTGCCGATGGAGAAGTGCAAGCAATGTAGAAAAATCTCCAGCCCATGCACTTCCACAGCGGATCCTCCCCTCTTAGATGTCTATGAGGACCTCGAGGGGATAAGACAGAGCAAGGCGTGAGTTGTTTACTCTCAGGTAAGCCACGGTTCAAAAGAACTGGAGAGCAAGGTAGGTTTTAAGTAACATTTCCAgccaggtgcaatgactcacgcctgtaatcccaacactttgggaggatgaggtaggtggattgctcgagcccaggagttcgagaccagcctgggcaacagagtgagaccctgtctctacaagaataaattttttttaaagttacctgagtatggtagtgagtgtctgtggtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggaggatcacttgagcttggaagattgaggctgcagtgaattatgactgtgccactgcactccagtctaggtgacagggtgagctcctgtctctaaataaataaaataaaataaaataaaataaaaAATTTCCAAAGCTCTGGGAAGGGAGGGAGGAGGCTGGGCAAAGGATTGATATAGGGAAGTGGCTAAATAAATTTGATAGGCTAAGGGGGTGGCTGGGTGGGGCAGTGGGCAGAGCTGAAATGGCAGTTGAGTGGCAGCTCTGCAGCCTCTCCTCTCTCTGATTTGGGCTTGCAGGTTTCCTGGTGCTGGCTAGTGAGGGTGCGCCGCTGTGTCTGTGTCTTACATGATACAGCATGACCTCCTGAAGCAGAACCCCACTGTGCTCCGAAATTCCAGGTGAGCAGGTGCCAAGACACACTGCAGTTTTCATGGCTTTTTGTTTTTTTCCTGTGGTGTTGCCCACACTAAGTGGCATGGAATGAGCAGGGGTGGGAGGAGAACATTCTTGAGATGCTCCTCCACATCCCCCAGCAACACCCCATCTTTATCTCCTCCA
>Human| chr6:58729941-58731440 | element 200341 | negative
ccaggcctatattatttattatattgatgatattttaattgctgcccccaactgataaagaattaattgtttgtaatcaaattttgagccgctgtgttacagaggctggattacacattgctcaggataaaattcaacagaccactcctgttcaaaatttaggagtggtggtcaataaacaatgtattcaacctcaaaaagttcaaattaggagagattctttgaaaactttaaatgacttcaaaaacttttgggtaacattaattatttaagacctactttaggtattctgaCctataggcctcaatgtgctctcaaatatccctttgcagagtctacaaaaacagtgtttccaaactgctgattgaaaagtgaggtttaaatctgtgagatgagtatacacaacactaagtggtttctcagatatattccttctagtttttagcctggggtatttacgttttcaccattggcctcaatgagatcccaaatatccctttgccaattgtgcaaaaacagtgtttccaaactgtggaatgaaaagaaagatttaactctgcaagatgaatgaacacatcacaaagtggtttctcagataacttcctcctagtttttatagggatatttgatttttcaccaataacctcagggagctcccaaaagtccatttgcagaatggacaaaaacaggtttgcaaactgctgaatcaaaataaagtttaacactataagatgaacgcgcacatcacaaagcagtttctcagaaaatttctttcttatcagaagatattttctttttcaccataggcctcaatgcactcccaaatattcctttgcagattttacaaaaacagtgtttccaaactgctgagtgaaaagaaagggttaactctgctagatgaatgcacacatcacacaacggtttctctgatagcatttttttagtttctatcctgggagattctcttttttcaccactggcctcaatgagctcccaaatgtccatttgcagaatggacaaaaacagttcttccaaactgccatatcaaaagaaaggttaaactttgtgagatgaatgcagaaatcacaaagtggattctcagttagtttccttctagtttttatcctggtatcagttagcttccttctagtttttatcctggtatatttgctttatcgacactggcctcaatgagctccgaaatgtccatttgcagaatggacaaaaacagtgtttccaaactgctgaattaaaagaaaggtttaactttgtgagatgaattcacaaatcgccaagcagtttctcagaaagtttgtttctagtttttatctgaagatattttgtttttcaccataagcttcaatgtgatcccagatgttattatgcagattctacaaaaatagtgtttccaaactgctgaatgaaaagaaaggtttaattctgtgagatgaatgaacacatcacaaagcagtttctcagatagcttcctttagtttttat
>Human| chr18:7493065-7494564 | element 200342 | negative
gtcagttatatgagttaactaatggtcctaatatttaagccagcgtgtgttgagttttctatcacctATtgttgtagtccattttgtgctgctataccacaatacctgaggctgggtaatttataatcaacatacatttattggctcatagttctggaggctgggaagtacaacatcaaggtgctggcatcttgtgtggggcaatttgctgttggaaggttgaaagggcaagagcacaagagagcaaacccactctggccatcctttttaataatgccattaatctattcataagggctgagccctcaaaaccaaaacaccttccattacgcctcacctcccaacattgtcacaatggggattaagtttccaacacatgaactccaggaagcacatttaaagcataacaCCTATGTGTTGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGAACACAGACTTAAAGTTTAAGGTAAGATCCAGCTATTTACTAACAGCTAAATACTGGAGGGAAGGGGGAGCATTCACCATTCAGAAGCAAGGAGACTATTTAACTCCATTTCTTTGACTGGCTGCTAGGTTCAAAGTTTAGATCCACAAAATGGGAACGTGGGGAAGGGAAGGGAGTAGTGATAAAGACAATGGATTTTAAAAAAATAtttttaacttttattttagattcagggggtacatatgtaggtttgctacatggatgtattgcaggatactgaggtttggggttcaactgatcccgtcactctagtgttaaacatagtacccaacagttagtttttcaacacttgcctcccttcttccctccccctactagtagttcccagtgtctattgttgccatctttacatccatgagtaaccaatgtttagctcccacttaacagtaagaacatgaggtatttggttttccgttcccgcattaattcacttagaatagtggcctccagctacattcatgttgcgcaaagggcatgattttgttattttctatggctgcatagtgttccatggagcatatgtaccacattttctttatccaatccactgttgatgggcacctaggttgattccatatcttgctattgtgcctagtgctgcaataagcatacaagtgcatgtgtcttttttgtagaatgatttattttcttttgaatatatacccagtaataggattgctgggtcaaatggtggttctgttttaagttcttcaagaaatctccaaatggctttccacagtggctgaactaacttacattcccaccaatggtatataagtgtttgcttttcaatgcagccttgcccgcatcagttgttttcctgatgatgatgattattattatttttgagatgcagtctcactctgctgcccaggctggagtgcagtggcatgatctccactcactacagcctctacctcctgagttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctccctagtagtggggactacaggcgtgcaccactatgcctggctaatttttgta
>Human| chr18:64208491-64209990 | element 200343 | negative
ATGAATTGGGGCTAATTTACTATGTTTAATATGTGTTAGTGTTTCTCCCACAACAATGAGACATCCCTAAGGCTAAAATACAATATCCTAATATTTTTTCTGGTTTTCATAGCTCTTACCATGCAGTGAGTATTAAAGAAGAGATATTATCAAATTAAAACTCAAATTGAAATCATTTTGCATTTTATGTTCAAATATTTTGGGGATCTTTTGCTTACAAAGAAAAAAGAGATAAATAAAGAAAACCAAAAAGAAGCCTCCTGAAATGTGCTGAAGTGGGTATTTTCATAAGCAACTGATTTTGTTTTTATGATGTATTTTGAATGTTTGTTAAATCAAGCTATATCATATGAAAAAAATCAACAATATCAACAACAAAAACTGCTGTATCCTCAGTGATCCTAACATATGTATGAAAAGCAATATTATTTAAAAGACACTTTTAAATGAAAGAACATCTGTCAAATCATTAAAACGTGTTTTTTGATGGATACAAGTTATTTTAAAAAGTAATAATTGCCAGTATAAAGGTGGAAGTCATTAGCTAAAATATTTTCAGATTGAAGTAAGTAGACACCAATGGTGATACTATAAAATACAAAACCTCTTAATATTTGGTTGTACCTTAGGTTTTTCTTCATATATATGTAGCATTTTCACATGTAGTAAGCATGCAATTCTTCATTGTGTATTATTGTGCTTTAAAATGTATGCAGTGGTATTACCTATGCATCACAAGCATCATGAATTATAATTTACTCACTTGTACTCCTAAAATTAACAGTTTTCAATACTTTATTACTATAAATGATAACATATGAATATCTTAATCATCAAAGCATTTTTTAACATTCCATATTATTTAGTGTTCCCTGAAGAACAATGAATAGGTATACAGATACATTTTTTAAAGTAAAAAATTGATATGCACTTATACAATCACTAAAATGTCTATGACTAATTAAGAACTACATATGCGTATCAGAAGGCAACATTTTATGAACTGGAACTATAATGGAAAAGTGGGAACATTTCTTGGTATCAAAAATTAAATTGAGCTTTTTCATTGAGCTACTGCAAGACCTTCACAGAGCCAAGGAGCAGCTAGCATTTTAATTAATATATGAAGGTTTCTGGAAAATAGGTGAGTAAGGAAAGGTGTTGGAGAAATCATTACGTAACAAGCTTTGGTTTTTTATGCCCAACCAGACTATACCTCAACTACTGAAACAAACAAATAAACAAAATATAAAACAAAAGCAAAATAAATTATAACATAGTAACTGAAAATAACAGACTATTTTAATAGATGGCAAATATCTGTTTAATTGTAATACAAGAATAGATTTCTAACCCTTTGAACTCCTTTAAGTGGTATCCTGTAAAACACAggttcccaacccccaaggccatgaacagcaggccatgaacctgtccatggcctgtaggtgagggcaggcgagccagccttactgtctgagctccgcctcttctcatatc
>Human| chr5:53435684-53437183 | element 200344 | negative
TTTTAAAAGTATTTTAAGTATGTTCAGAGATACACCTAAAGACTTTAAGCATCTTTTCTACATTTCTAAATTGAAAGCATACTCATTTTGGATCTTAACCAATCACCATTTAAACAAGTTTTCATCTGCTCCAGTAGAGATAATTTCGCCCTACAACTTGATAAATGTTTGCAAAATAGACAACTATATATGAGTAACAGCAAAGAAAGCCCAAATTTAAAATCTATCAATGTATCTATCTGACTACTATCCATCTTAAAGTCCACAGTAGTCTGACAACTAAGCGTCCAAGAAGTCTCCTCTGTGTTTTTAACTTCCTGGATTATAGTAGGTCTCTCTTAACTTACTGGAACAAAAAGGGTGATTAATTGATATCTAAATACATTTAGAAGATTTTGAAAGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACAAGGCAGCATGTGCTCTGTCCCTAGTTCCTGAAGTATGAATTGTTTATTATAATATGGTAATCCCACTACCAGCTCTGGTTGTACCACCAACTATGATTTTGAAATAAAGGGTTTAAATATATATATATGCGTGTGTGgatagacagatagatagatagatagatagatagatagatagatagatagatagatagagatagagatagaGATATGCTTACACAGCCCACATTTAAAATCTACCATTATCTTAAAGAAAAAGAACATGATAGTGGTGGCTCCCACTCCATGGAGATCACTGATGGCAAAGTACAGAGTGGGAAAACATATTTATGTTTTACCCGCTTGGCATATTATAAATAGAACAATCTCAACcaggcattttgccaagatgtggaaaaatgaaatgaggcaaaatgcaaatggaaaataaaattactttttatgccaaaataaggtctggatggaaaactttaaccaaagatatggtctggatatggtaagacttatagaagatcagctgaagatgatttgaaactgcaaagattcttgaacaacaaaaaatggtatttcattacccatacacaaaacacaaactgtctagataggaattatgctaatatattttggaagcagatgctttctaatatattttttcaccttaatgtcattaccgttttttccccaacctgctcctttctataagatctgcactttgccaaatgcagaatcaccaacacgaataattattataaatataaccaaaatggttggGAAGAAAATGTTATATCACTATGGTTTTGAGTATCACTACGGCATGAACCACAACTGGGTTATACTGAGAAATCTCTCACTCTTTATATAATGAATCTGTCATTTTTTTTTATTAACTGAGTGCTGCTGTACACAGACAGATCAATCTGTCTTCTCTTATTAGCACTGAGATTTTAAAAGTCTACACATTAAGTTAATTGATTTGATAATTTCTTTATCTTAGAGTTTGAAGTGCTTACACATTTAATCTTAACAATTCAGCTATATACGATTACCTAGAAACTGACGGTTTTCTTTCCGAGTCCTTTCC
>Human| chr21:37021959-37023458 | element 200345 | negative
CAACCAATCACATAAAACTCAAACTAAACCCTCGTCATAAAAACCTTAAACAAAGAACTTAATAACCACTTAAAATGTGTCTGCCcagtaacagccctttcccaaggcagacctcctccttgcctgggcactagactgcctttgtgggactaacattagccacaagcttagaaattatggtttaggagtcatgcagctgcgggctaccagattctgactctccctaaattgctcctaagatcagtgcttcagatagtttgcagaccctgcacttgatggatcagctggccccacccagatcaataaactggttcatctgatcttgtggctcccactcagggactgactgagtgcaagaagacagctccaactccctatgatttcatcactgaccaatcagcactcctggctcactggcttccccccacccaccaagttattcttaaaaactctgctccctgaatgctcggggagactgatttgagtaataataaaactctggtctcccacaAaaataaataaataaataaataaataggctgggcacgatggctcacccctgtaatcccagcattttgggaggctgaggctggcggatcacttgaggtcaggagttcgagaccagcctgaccaacatggtgaaaccccatctctactaaaaaataccaaaaattagccgggcgtagtggcaggtacctgtaatcttagctacccgggagaccgagacaggagaatcacttgaacctggaaggcagaggttgcagtgagccgagagtgcgccattactccagcctgggcaacaagagcagaactccatctctaaataaataaataaataaataaacaaaATGTGTCTGCCACCTCACCAGGGATTGTTGTCATAGCTCCATCATCCACAACACCCCTGAAGAGTCCACACATCCACAAGACCCCTGAATAGACCAGGCAGAGACAGCACTGGTGTTGCAGACTTCATGCTTTTCGATGTTTCACTGTTTTACTGCCCATACTACCTATTTCGGATCTGCACATTTGTTCTAAGCCTGAATCAAGCTGATTAGGTTGCTATAAGGTTGAAGGTTTATTAACCTCAGATATCACCTGTGAcatttgactggaagccagaaaacaagggctgtgttcattaattgagctactttagacaagtgacttaacctgctcacttttattgctttctctgaaaagtcaaataatccccgacagacctgctttaAAATCACCTGCAGGAAAAAATCTCAAAAAAGAATAAGACAATAGATTGCATTTCCATATTTAGAGATATTCCATATGATCGTTTTTACATTCATCAAAGTTTAAACAACAGAAAACACCAAGTGGTTCCTCTTCCACTCCTTACAACAGCCGTATACAGGAGACTTTGAAGAAACAAACTAAGTAAACTCATATTCAATGTAGAACTATCCAAATGCAAAGTTTTCTACTTCAGTTATTGACTTAAACATAACGTCACCTCTAGAA
>Human| chr1:118640592-118642091 | element 200346 | negative
TAAAGGAATGTAATTTTGATAAATTTTTGAAGTCGGAGTATACaattgtgaaatcagagaactttatttctgagattcattttaaatatgaacttatctcatgccttcattttatagttgaggcccaggaagattatgactacgtcacacaTTTTGGGAGCTAAATATGTTCAAGATTTCCATCACTCTTAGATGACAATCTACATAGGACCAGTTTTTCTGCCATATCACTTTTTAAATCAACTTAGTGTCTGCTACATAACTGATTACAAATGCAGTTTATCTGGTTCTCCTTCTTATATTGCTGAAAACAGAGTGGATCAATGTTGTATGTTTCAGTTACCTTTTGGTCACATTAAATAGCAATAGGCTTCTCTGGGTATTTGTACTTTTACTGTAAAATAATGACAGATTTCCATAAAATTATGCTTAAAAATTTGCCCGAAATATTTATGCTTATTACATCTATAATTAAATAGTAGTTTCTACTACTAAGATCTCATTATTCTATTATAAAGTCtattttttaatattttatttttatatattaaatatttttaCAGAGAGACTGTGTTTGGAGCTTATGCAGCATTTTCTCACTTCAATAATAAACCATTTAGTATTATAACTATCCTTTGAGATCAtcaggaatagcctaggtttgaacctcaactttttaacttaatagctgcctctagactgagagtccatttttgtaaaatggaaacaataaaacatacttcctaggcttgttgtgaaaaccacatgaatcaatgtacttaatgtccttagcattgagcctagtcccaagacatgtgcccaatatatgagacctattaGTATTATCAAGGGTAGCTATTTCTAACTTTATAGAGCAGCAATTTAAAAATGTAGTGTTATAAAAATTGGGATGTGGCTGCATAAGATACAAAACACTGTGCAAATGATATTATTAATAAATAACAATAAAAGCAACAGCATATGGCAGAAAAAACTTGGGCATCTGGTAACACAATCTTACACCAAATTCTAGTTCTATTTCCTAAAGTATACAGTGGCTTTTTGCTTCCCTTCAACAGAAGTCATCTAGGATAATCTTCTTAGATGAAGACCTCAAGGCTCAAAATGGCTAAATGGTAGCATGATTGGAACTTCATCCCACAACTTGCTAGTCTAAGGCTAGGAAGATAGCACCCCAGTGATTTCTCATAATAAGACAATAGCAGAACAGGGCAAGAATCTAAGGCTGTGACCTCCCTTGGGCTACTTGAACTGTGACTTCTGCAAGAACAGATTATTAACAGTGATTCATCCAGCGCATCCTTTAGGTAAAACTTATAGATCAAATACTCCAGAAAAGGCAGTTGGATAACCAAGTCTTCTGAACTGCAGTCTGTTTTCTGTGGCTATAAATACAGGGTATGATACAGGGGATATAAATACAGGGTATGATTTTAATTTGCAAAATTTACAACACTTGGCTGGTGCAAGCAGAGTAAA
>Human| chr7:27764620-27766119 | element 200347 | negative
tttaattttttttttttttgagacggcatctcactctgtctcccaggctagactgcagtggtgtgatcttggctcactgcaacctctgcctcccgggctcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggattataggcacacaccaccatgcccgactaattttttgcagtttagtagacatggggtttcaccatgttgcctgggatggtcttgaactcctgaggtcaggcagtccgcccaccttggcctcccagagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccactgtgcccagccCACATGTAATTTTTAAAACTTACAATCATCAATAAAGAATGACACTATACACAACATGATGTACAAGTGTCCTTTCGTAGCTTAAGGGTCTGGTCACGTTGCTGGGACTATTTCTTACATAGTTATTAGTATTTTCCTTTACGAGCTTTTGGTTCTTGGGCACCATGATTATACAATATCCACTCATTTATTCattaatttattcaacaaatatttataaaatatttgaaaataatactgtgagatgctactcactttggtgctggggccataatgatggacaaaatcaaatatgactctttacctcacagaatcttctgtctaatgctaaatatattaataaaataatcaccaaaaaagtttttttttaaatttttttaaattttgagatggagtcttgctctgttgtccaggctggagtgcagtggcgtgatcttggctcactgcaacctctacctcctgggttcaagcgatcgattctcctgccgtagtctcccaagtagctgggaaatacaggcgcccaccaccatgcctggctaatttttttatttttagtagagtcaggctttcaccacattggccaggctgttcttgaactcctgaccttgtgatccacctgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggtgtgagccaccgtgcccggccccaaaaaggtatataattatgaaatgtgaataaagaaaagtatgtggtgctgaaagattataatggaaatatgccttagtttgggaacatctcagaaggctttcctgagaaagccatgtttaaggcgaagagggcctggtatacagaatcagccatgtgaatctcattttctttagaattctttttaaTGCCTGGTGTTTTGCCAGTTACTCTCTAATTACTTTCAAAGTTGTATGATTAGTTATAATCAAattcacaaaaaccgactgaatacttactatgtgatgagtagtataagtactaaaataaagtccttcccttcaatgagttacttagggaaacagcacaatgtgataatacaaaataaaacttacaagcaaaataagagatatgcaagctagagcacaaaagaaggaaagctttcttctagttagaagtagattctagagcattttcactaagcttgtggcatatatcttgggccttgcagtattgataggagtttgaagatacagatgggggaaagta
>Human| chr1:59831000-59832499 | element 200348 | negative
gagtgagaggttgaggaagACTTCCTCATTTCTCCCCTGGTCCCAGTCTTTGACTTTCTTTCATGTCTGCTCCAAGACCTGTTCACCCTTTCCAAAGCCTTCTCTTCCTATTAGGACTGTCTCCCTCTCTCCCATAGATGGTACCACCCACAAGGCATGGCTTGATCCAGGTCACTGTGGCATCTCTCTCATCTCCTCCAGTAAGAAATGCACTTCTGCATTATATTATGTTTTAGAGAGGCAGATGACTGAACTCAaacattgggctgggcattagcgatgcaaaatttggtctgactttccatttacccgttgtgtgggacctggggatagtcttggtcccttcctgggctttaggttcataatctgcaagcatagttttctgactccttgccttgcctgccttgaagaattatacaggtcagatgagatcatgcatgtcaaagtgctttgaaaactgtgaaactctgtaGCAGAAGAGTGAATCTTGTTGACTTATCaggcactttatattatttcatttaattctcacagcatccttgggggaagatgctaggaatgtggctttgaggaaactggggcttaaagaaattaatttacctaaagctacacagctgttaagtggtgaggacggcaatcaaaatcaggtatgccagactccagagttcttagaccccatctacttcaGCCTTGTTTTCCTAATACGTACAGTGGTGTCACACTCCTGGGTAAAGTCAGCTTTGCTGAGTATGATGAGTTTTCATTAAAATGATAGCATATTTTATGGTTGGGAAATCAACTCTAGTGTGGATTATAAGTTTTTCTTTTCGTACAAGAAGAGCAAAGCCCTTCAGGGGGAGGAAAGTAGGGGAAAGGGATGCATATAAATCCAGTTTTTGAAAATTAAATAAACTATACAGTGGAATTATTTCATTTTACAAATAAATTCTATGATGTTACCGTTAAACAAGTCCTCATCTAATGGGGGTAATGCGTCTTGTCTATTCAGGTTTTTGTTTCTTGGGTCTTTCTCGGCAGTGACATAAATATTTATTCCACTTGATGTTTAGGCCTCTGCTTGCATCTCTCCCCGGaagcctttagaaaagcctttagaaaagcctCCCCAGGTCCCAAACCCTTTCCCCGCTCTGAGCCCTGTCTGTGATTACTCATTAGAGGCAGATATATGGCCACACACAAAATATTACAATAATGTTATGAGGCTGACTCATCAAACCTTGGTATCAGGCTTATTACGTTATTGTCATATATCATCTTATTAATTATCTCTTCCTTTGTGTACATCTTTCTCTCGAAAGGACCTGGCTTTAGATTTTCTTATATCTCCCAAAACTCTGCATTTTTTTTTTCATGAGTTAGACTTGGCTCTTGCCCTTCAGAAGTTTGTCATTTCAAGGTAGATTTAGGTATATCAATGAATAATTAGGGTAcagcatgggatggagaggttcacagaaaaggtgacatctgagctgg
>Human| chr3:156427125-156428624 | element 200349 | negative
gtcacaaatatatatatctacatttgatatgtgtgatatacttagtctatagacatatatgatgcttaaatggattaatggttccttatgataattccaatatgctgctggtgttcatagttaacaggctagaaccactgGGCTAGACTATTTCTATATTCATGTTTAAATAATTTCCTTTTTTAACTAGGTGCATGTCCTTAATTATATCCAATCTTAAAATAGCCTTAAATCAGATAGCTAATAGGTTCAACCCAGTTCAAGAGCCTCTAACCCTTCTAATGCTTAGCAAGTCTTAGGTGCCGAATTGTCCATTTGGTGGGCCTCATGTTAGATACATCACGCTGCTCTTCAAAGTGTATCACAGTATATTAAGGATCTTATTTAACAGATTTGAGTGGCAAGAGTACACTCAACAGGTGCTACACAACTACATGATAATATAGTACTCGTCAATAAGAATAAGAAATTCTTGTGCAACCATCAGTTTATAAATTGTTTTTTGAACAGCAGTGATAGATTTGGGGCATTAACCTACACTTTTTTTGTCAAAGGTCTCACTTGAAGGTCATGCATTTTATAGTATTTTGGATAAGGGTTTAAGTCATAGTTTCTAAACTGGGTGTAATTAACTATTCCCTATAGAAGTAGCAATCATGAATCTAATTAGCATTAGTCTCAGTGGTCTAAGCTAATTGAATCCAGTATCTATAAGCATTAGTTCCAACCACTCATAAATGTAGCTGGATTTCTAAATGCCAGTTTATATCCATTACTATAGATTTATGACTATATTTTTCTAAGCTACAAGTTTGCAGTCTTATTTATAATTATTAATAACATAGGCACATACAAGTCAGTGCTAGACAGGAGTGGGAATGCAGATTTTGTGGGTCATTGTTAGGGGAATTCAATTTTGTGATAAATTAGTGTCATTTACTTATCAGAAAGCAATGGCTTAGTTACAAGCCTGCCCAAGAAAGTTATTTGCACAATTTGAATATGTGGCTTGTTGGCTGAGATAAAGAATGTAAAGCAGAAGAGTGCCTGGCTCTTGATATACAATCAAATTTTAATGagtggtagtaagaatagcagtagtagcagcagaaggaatagtaagtactgtggtaggctgaataatggcccacaaaagtgtccaagtcctaatcccaagaacctgtcaatatgtaaccttatatggcaaaaaaagcactattgattaggaatcccgactcctgagataggttatcttctagtgggcctagtgtaatcacaagggtccttataaggagacaagtcagagatggaaagatgctctgcactgctggctttgaagatggaggctgagaccatgagccaatgaatgcagatggcctttaggagctacaaaacataagaaaacaccttctcccccagagcttccagaatgaatgcagctctgccaacaccttgattttgggactctgacctccagaactgtaagtataaatttgtgtt
>Human| chr20:56587022-56588521 | element 200350 | negative
acctgaaaatagggtctttgcagatggaattaaatcaaggatctcaagaggagatcatcctgaccttcagggtgggctctgagtccaatggcaagtgtccttgtaagagacaaaagaggagagacacacagagaagggaggcctcgtgacgatgggagcagcggttggggtgatgcagccgccagaacaggccagcagccacaagaggccagaaagggtctgtcccaagaggctcggaagggggcttggccctgcccacaccttcatctcagactctggcctccagaactgtgagaggacaaatgtctgttgttttaagccacgcagtttgtggacattttttatgcagtcttggaagctaaaacGATGTTTAAAAGCTCTGGCTGAAATAGGCAGAATTGGTTGTGGGGCAGGGGAGGAAGCGGGAGCCGCCTGCGAAGCCAGGACCCCTGGAGCAGGATGGCAGCTGGAATCCAGGCAGTGACGGGGAAGGGAGGAGAGTGGAGATGGAGATATGCCTCAATAATAGTGAAGCTGAAATTTTACATCCCCACCCCCtgcccagcaccttgctgtaatggccttattcagattttcatatttaattctgtattaaacccaggtgtcagtgaccatcaccatcaccattttatagacgaagaaccaaaggaacagagaggttcgttaacatctcccaagaccacacagctagaggcagcaaggcacagattgcaacctaggccagaggatcaaaggaccacgtatttagccacCCCAAGCTCACTGTCATGCAGTCAAATTAACAGCACTTGCTGGGGGTAGAGGTGGGTGGATGATGACAGAGAAGAAAACAAGAGCCGCTAAGTGGGTGGCACTGCTTGGAAGACTGCGGGGTGGACAACCTGTCTGTCTCCAGGAGGAAAATGGCCATTTCCTTCCCAGGACGCCCATTGAGCAGGAACTTTCTGGAGCTGGGTCCTTCAAGATGGGCCTCCCACTCTCCACGTTCTGCCATTCGGAGCAGGCAACCTGCTGCGGTTGTATTAATTATGTGATGGCAAATGAAAGCCCCCAGCTGACCCACCGGGATCATAAATAACGCTGGCAGAAAATGGATTTGGGCCACGTGTCTCAGCAGCAGCTTTTTGTGGCATGAAGGTTGGATCTTTTCCATTCTGGGACTGGTGTTTGCTTAGCTGGGAAACCACTCGTCTTCCTGTTCCAGTTCTCCCCGTAAGCATTCTTTTCCCCTTTTTAAACAACAATAGGGGTTACTATGGAAATCAGAGTAATTTTCATCCCAATGTAGTCCAGATAAACTATCAGGCATTTGCGGCCACCTTGCCTGCCACCCGTGCTCTGGTCTCATGACTAGACAATTTGGGAACGTCTGAGAAACTCACATTCTCTTGCATCGATTTCCTAAGTGGGTCAGAGCTTGGAGTTCTTGGCAATTAATGGCTGAGTTAGTGAAGGCAGAGCATAAAAATTTCATGAGCA
>Human| chr2:195493538-195495037 | element 200351 | negative
aagtagtttaaagtgtttcttctttttccgttaactgaagtttttatgtaagtttaatattgtctcacatattttgaagaattcagttgggaaaacaactgggttcaaagttttctcttctgtgtaatttttaactgctggttaaatttctttaatagatacagagatattgagactttttactccttatttgattagcttttgctaattttccataagtcaagttaatctaaattttaaagtatagtgatgttttattgttcataatatactttttgctttctttattttttcaatatttatagtttcagtacttacagccctctttaattcacaacatcattggtaatttgttgtctctcaatttccctctctcttcttttactgattaatcgattcattgattattgtttgtattgcttttaaattatcaaatttattaatattttgaaaatggtaatttttcaaattgccaattttattttttatgtctttttacaatttattgattctgccattttattagtttatttctagtgttttctctgattgtgctatgctgttcttttaagttgttgaaataaatgctgatataattggttacagcccctcttctatttactgcatcccagaagttttgatatgccatattttgcttgtatacagtttaaaatatatttccattatattttatttttaataaattggttatttcaaaatatagttcttaattttcatatatggggcattttcttgttatctttcaaaagttgatatctagctacattccattgtgctagaaaaattattcatatacattatttgaaatttgttgattttgcttaacaacacaagttttttcagttattgttctacatatatactctataaaaagttgtctttcgtagttgctagacatagtgttttatacggcagttagagaaatttttctcattgtgcagctcacatattctgtaaacttactaacatttggtttggttgtttggtcagttcctgagagaaattagtttaaaaatcaaaaaaccccatctaaaagtgggcaaaggatatgaacagacacttttcaaaagaagacatttatgtacccaatagacacatgaaaaaatgctcatcatcactggtcatcagagaaatgcaaatcaaaactgcaatgagacaccatcttacaccatttagagtcgtgatcattaaaaagtcaggaaacagcaggtgctggagaggatgtggagaaataggaatgcttttacactgctggtgggagtgtaaactagttcaaccattgtggaaggcagtgtggcaactcctcaaggatctagaactagaaataccatttgacccagccatcccattactgggattgtaaatcccaaaggattataaattatgctactagaaagacacatgcacatgtatgtttattgcggcactatttacaatagcaaagacttggaaccaacccaaatgtccatcaatgataga
>Human| chr7:47095006-47096505 | element 200352 | negative
cttcATCTTCATCttcttctttttacaagaccaggtctccttctgccacccaggctggagtgcagtggtgcaatcatgacttactgtggctgcctcaaatccctgagctcaacggatcctcctgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgagactacaggcacatgccactgtgcccagctaacttatttatttgcttttttgatagaggcagagtcttgctatgttgcccaggctggacttcctggcttcaagtcatcctcccacctcgggcttccaaagtgctgagattacaggttgatttctttcatcaacattttataattttcaccacacagatgctatatattacatattttgtcaagtgtatagctaagtatttcattctatttggagtgattatagattatattttgttttaaatttccattgccagttattgtcagtaaagtgtgatttaatttgtgtgtgtgtgtggatcttgcatctcacaaccttgttgaactcatttattacttctaagaattttttagtagaccctttgggattttctgttgacaaccctgtcatctgtaaatagagtcacttttcttattttctttccaacacatatgcctttttttcttatccttctcttattgacgtattaccttattactaaaacttccaatactttatttagtaagagttgtgagagcagatatctttgtctcattccagatcttaaaggtaaatcattgttttcattagcaagtatgatgttagctgtaggtattgtatagatgctctttttcaagttgagagttccctgtattcctagcttgctgagagattttatcatgatggatgttggacatttttaagtgatttttctgaattatatgatttttttatgttggactttcttgcatacttcaaataaattccacttgatcacagtgcataattctctttacacactattaaactcaatttgctaatagttcattgataatttttgtgcctaagttcatgaaagatactgttgtggagtttaggtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgctgtctttgtcaggttttcacttcataaagtaacttgtgagtgtttatgcctcttctatttttggaaaagaatgtattaaatcattggttattcttccttaaatatttcataaaattctcctgtacacatttctgagccaggaagtttcttcttcgggagatttGGGCAGGAGTCTGTGGGCAGGAGTGGGGAAATCTCCCCTGTCCCTTTTTATTTGcttgatgtagtctacagggttcccatttagtcagagataagagtgggcttcactggcccccctccactgctaggctgtgttttaagaaacaccagacctggatcctcttcttctgttggctgaggagacataagatgccctttcactatgtctttagtcagggccccagaccagtttgccttcttcttactacctttcagagccctcttttggttatctttgctatgatttt
>Human| chr1:243599491-243600990 | element 200353 | negative
gtggcaaggttttttgtgaagagcaaaagaacaaagcttccacagcatggaaggggtcccgagcgggttgccCCAACtttttttcatgggtcgtacctttggtgttgtagctattgtcctacctgtggtcacctagatgttctcctatgttattttctataaattttatagtttcgtgttttacagttaaatctgtgatccatttcaagttacgttttgtgaagggtgtaaagtctctgtctagattcattctttttttgcatatggatatctagttgttttagcactatttgttaaaaactctatttttgctctattctactacttttgctgtttgtcaaagatcagttaactacattcatctgagAGGAACACTCTTTTTAAATTCCTAATTGTAACTTCATTAAGTCTTTAGGAACAGAAAAACAAAAGGCTAACAGAGTTTAACTTCTACTCCTGGGAGGGAAAATTTTATATTAGTACTAGGAAATAACTAATGCCTGTTTGGAGGCAAAAATTCTGACAAACCATCTATAACCTGCCaattttaatatttttataatgtttattatttttGCTTTTTCTACAATTAACTGTGGATAATACAAAAATATTCAATTAATAATAATTGCTACACCCATGTTAGCATTGTACAAAGAACCACAAGAGGCTGTGAGTATTAAACACCTATCTGTGGAAAGGTCTTTTCGCAAAAAGACAGAATAGGTAAATTTCTGTTCTTATATCAGAGGGGAAAAAAGGTAcatttcagtgctgaaagtccctgaaaaatttcttccatatatccaatgtaaacctctttcagtcaattcactctctaaagctgattttctctctttggtttatctttttggtagatccagaactgattagaattttcattatcttaactcttAAGACTTAAAATTTAACTTAGAACTTTTAAATTAAATCTGATTTTTCATTTCTGTAGTTGTGTTTGTTGCTTTGCCTTAGACTCTACAATTTTAAACATTGAATATTAAATGTGAAAACCTAGATTGCCTGTCTTTTGCTTTATTTTGCACCTTCTAACTTATTAATGTATCCCTGTATTTATTAACATGCATTCAgcactaggtacaaaaggaaaaaagacatgatatttcccctttagaagcttcgaatccagtgcgggaggtatacggtaatcatacaggtgtaatagactacggtaagagtaaacccaggatgctctctgtgtacatcagactggcatgtcacccaggtttggaggtacagggcacaattcttttgagaaataatatctATCGTCAAATCCTAAAATGACATGGAGGAAttcttttttttttttttttttgtattgaaacagagtctcgctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtggtgccatctcggctgactgcaagccccacctcccgggttcacgccattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggactacaggcacccgcca
>Human| chr14:84562089-84563588 | element 200354 | negative
CCACCCTGGTGAAATTCCAAAACTTTCAGATTTATATCTCTCATTGAAGACAAAGTAGCAGCATATCAGATTTTTCTTCTCCAGAGAAGAACAGTTTCTAATTAGGGACTTTGCAACCATAAACCACTTGGAAAAATATTTAGGCCAATTCTTATATTTGGCATTTTTCCTTCAGTTGAGATCAGGCTTCCTCACTTTAGGTGGATAAACACTATCTCTGTTCCTGAGTGAAGGCTCTATTCCAAGCTCTGGGACTTCCAACTCCCCTCACTATAAAATGTGACCCCAGTCACACTCTTCCCAGGAATGCTTTGCTATCTTTATCACATTTTCTCATACATGTCAGGGTCATGAAAGGGACATATATCTCAATTCTGGCTTTCTATACTCATCTATTTTATCTAGAAATGTGGAAAAGTCTGATAGTTTATCCTCATTTGTAGTTTAATATTTGTCTTGAAACAGCCAACAACATTTATAGACATAGAAAACCTTTTATATGGGTAGAGAAGAGATAATaataatgataattgacatttattggttacttgccctgtgccagccactgggtaaatgtagaatagcaatcttatatttaatttgaatccaccaaacagtcctatgagtttgatactattcttcccattttttagaggggaaaatttacatttagagagtttagggaactatcccatagtttctcagcaagagaatggtagaattataattcaaatgtaaatcggtttggtttcagaagctttgattttacatattacatcacatccttctCAAAAATTGAATAGCAAATGTGCTTTGCAATATCTGACATCACATAAATTCTACATTAGCCAACCTAAAAAAAGAGATGAAAGTAAGAAAAATAACTAAATACTTTTGAAAACTGTTGCCTTCATTGACACAACACATTTAAAAGGACAAAGTAGCTGTTGAAAGAAAATAAGCGCGCTTTAACTTGGGAATTTTTACTGAATTGCATAACTACTCAATTGGTCTATATTTAAAAATTATAATGTTATCACATTATATGATGAAATGATACCAGTATACATAGCTGCttctcacatcactataaagaatactacctgagactggatgattataaaggaaaggttcaattgattcacacctctgcaggcataacaggaagcaggaagcgtggctaggaggcctcaggaaacttacaatcatggtggaaagtgaaggggaggcagtcaccttcttcacaaggtggcatgagggagtatgtgcaaaaacaaggaagtgccacactttaaaaccatcagctcttgtgagaactcactccctgtaatgagaacagcatgcaggaaacagcccccattatccaatcacctcccacctggtccctcccctgacatttggtgattacaattagagatgagattcgggtgggaaggcagagccaagccatatcaATATCTGTTACAGTCATCCTGCCAAATTCATGGTGAACCAGAGTGA
>Human| chr3:54820392-54821891 | element 200355 | negative
TTTACTCTTGTTATAGTTGAATCTATTTACCTAATGCTTCTGCAGTCCTTTAAGTCTCTTTTTAAGTACTGCCTCTTCTGGAGTCCCCTCCCTGCACTGGCTCCATGGGCCAGTTATTATACAATACAGTATGGTTATCTTTATTTACTCCTGTGTCTCTTCACTTTGTAAGCATCCCAGGACTGAATCATGCCCAAGTCTCTCATGTCCACAGTCTTCCTTGGCCTAGGCTTTATAGATATTTGGTAGGTAAATAAATAGCAAATAACTATATTATTAGTCCTGATAAGTTTAAATCTTAAAAAACTGTGAATGTAATGCACTTATCACTTAGCTATAACCTAGTTGATAAACAGTATGTAATTTCACACCCATCTGATTTATCCATGGTTAAAAAAACACACAACTGATTTTACATATGGAATGTTGAAACTGGGAGCACATACGGTGACACCTCAGagagcctgcatcttacatatctttgcatgtggctcacatgcccaatactcctataaatgtttgttgtgtgagtgaatGAGTCCATGAATGTATGACTTCAACTTGCTATCACTTTTGGTATTAGATTTTCAAATTTCCCAACATGGAGATATGGAAGCCATTGTTATTTGAAATAACTCTGTGTTTGTTACTCATTTTAGTTAGCAACAAAAAGATGAAAACGATCAAATTTTACCATTCCCACATGTTTCAGAGCTTTTCCCTTCTTGTGGTTGTTTCCTGAACACACATATTTGAGGGAATATTCAGTACTCATAACGCGTTTAAAGACAATTGCCTTGAGTTTTGGAGCAATTGAATTCTGAAATAGCTCATTTGTATTAGTTATAGGTAAGAAGCTATCCAGATAACAATACAGTCTGATTCTGTTGGTGTAAACCACCTTATCAGTTGAAATTCATTGCTTCATAAAATCATTTAAGCCCCCTCATATATTAATTTAGATCACCGTTAGGATTTTTTAAAAAAATCTAAATCATGATGTATCTTTTATTTTCCTTAAGAATCTGGACCAGAAGCACAATTGATTTCTTCACATGAAACTGGAAGGTAGCTGTTCtaggggagaaaggaaacttttcatctaccctcttagattcagtgaccaaagctgattaattaaactgacaaaaacagattattaggagaaaggtttatttcatatgcacatggggggccacacaggaaagaagtgaaaactttaaaaattagttaggcctttgagtttatatactgttttaacaaagggtaataaattatggagaagtgacaagacaaaggaaaggaggtttaggcttctaggggtggcacattgtgggaaggtaaatagggaagacaaatggatgataaggattatttagtaaagtttgctatgcagacgaaagttagtgctgtttccagtgataagagttattgcctcttcctggtacaggagaggggaaggcaaaccttcacaacaggaaatttgtgtccaaattttag
>Human| chr7:19938927-19940426 | element 200356 | negative
TAAAGGAAATTGAAGACTTTTTTCTATTGTTTTAAGAGACCACCACTAGTATGAACTTAAGATTTGATCTCATCATTACTAGGTGTTCTAGCCATTTACCTTTCTTCTAAGGTCCGGCTACCTGTTCTAACTTAATTGGCATACCAAAGATAACTTAACTTCAATTGCATAACATGTTTATTTAAAAGTGGGTGCTTTTATTTCTTAAAAGGTATGTAGTAGAGCATTTAAAGGCACAAAGAGTGTCCTCCTTTGCTACAGCCCTTTACACACTGTGGGAACTGGGAAATTATTAATTGAGGGCGGCAGGAGGTACAGATCCCTGCTCATCGGCTAGAAATGTTGGCTTTGCTGTAACAACATGAGGAAAAATGGGTTACCAGATTATTTATTTTCTGATTCCTCTGATGACATTTGGCTTTTATTACAAACTAGCATGAATCCAAAGACAAATCATAGAATGTTTACGCAAGCCAAATTGTGGTTTTGAGAAAGCAAGTCAGGGATAAAGTGGAAATTAGTGATGACATATTGCATGACCTCTATTTGTTCTATAATTCTAGGGTTTCTGAGGCCTATGAAAATGCAGGCCTATAGTTAATTATTAAATCAGCTGGTTTTTCTCAACCCTCACTTTTCTGGGTCCCAGAAAAAGAATAACTCGATGGAAATTTGACAAATCTCTGACTGAAAAAATGTCATCCTAAATAGAGAACAAGCCTACTAACAAATCATTTGGTTGTATTTTAAAGTAAACCTTTGATTCCAGTTTGGGGTCATTATTGTTTACGTTTTCAAGACCTCTTTTGTTATAATCACTTCTGAATATTGTTCTCTTTCCCTTAAGAGAATAAAAAACACATAGACCTTGGTATGTCTTTCATGAGGGTGAGAGTGGGAAATAAATCAAATCTATGAGTCTGCATACATGTTTAGAGACATGTATAAGGTATAAATGTTAAGGCAGCAATGCACAGTTTATACTGTCCTTCCTCTTATACCTTTCTTTGGAGCAGAAGAGATTTACTCAGAAACAGCAAACAGTGCTAGGATTAGTCACACAGCAGTAGAACAGTGGGTCTTATTCTCTTATTATTTCATTGTCTAAGAATTGTTCATATCCAAATTTCATATAGTTCAATATAATAATTTGTAATGTTTACATCTTTTTAAGAAATTACCTCTGAGTTAATAAGGATACTATATGGTATTTTCTGTAAAAAAAAAATTACTCTTTACATTTAGTTCTCCTAAATATTCATGTTAACTCTTTTgttttatatacatgtgcacaacgtgcaggttttttacatatatatacatgtgccatgttggtgtgctgcatttaactcgtcatttaacattaggtatatctcctaatgctatacctcccctgtccctcccccccatggcaggccctggtgtgtgatgttccccttcctgtgtccatgtgttctcattgttcaattcccacctatgagtgagaacatgcggtgtttg
>Human| chr5:154523137-154524636 | element 200357 | negative
ATAAGAGGACTCAAGAACAGGCAGtttaaaagttttatttatttatttaaaaatCTTTCTTGCCACCACAAAGAATGATAATTGTGTGGAACAAGAGACTTGCATGCATAGTGCTCAGCTTTTGCTAAAGTAAATCTTTCCATTGGGCATTGAACTGTAAATTCCAACATCAAGACTTCAGCAGGAACCTGCTGCACTAAATATTTCTAGGATGGATGTTGCCTGACTCAGTGGGTTTTTTGCTTTTCTTTAGACTCATGATTAATAATGTGCCTGTTCAGCAATGCCTGCACCTGGTTTGTATCTCCTTTGTGTTTATGAGACTTGTATGATTCCTAACATCAGCCAGTGTTTTTCCTTTTATTttccttcctttttccaccctctctgcctccctttctctctctctctccttccttcctttctaccctcctccctctctccctcccttccttttcctcccttctttcTGAGCAGAACACAAACAGTGCCTTAAATTAAGTTTCCTTCTGCTGGTTGTGTAATCatggaatcctagacaattagatttggatgcgatctcgtgagctgatcaactctaatcctccatctggggcaaaaatctcctctagaatacctgggcagagattgtttagcctttccatgttcatcttcagtgccagggaattcactgccccAGATTAGGATGGCTCCCTTATGAGACCCTTCTACTGATTCTCAGAGATACGTGACCCTACCATCCTTGGTGTGGTTTTCTGAATCTGAAAGGGACATATTTGTCCTTCCAAGTAATGAAGGTCCCCACGCCCTTGATAAAAAGGACCCTTTCTTAATCCAACTGTATTCAGGCAACTTTGATAAGTATGTAGTTTGAAGGAATGCACTTGATGAACTCAAATATAATTTTTTTGTTTTAACATTTTCTGCTTGAATAATGACTGCACTGCAGGCTGGTCTGTGCTTATGAACTAAAAAACATATGGTGTGACCTGAAGGGTCCATGGCTGGCAAAATGGGTAAGACCTCTCTCCAGAAGCTTCCCCTCTACCCAGagtacagtgtggtggttatgagtttggttttggagtcaggctgcctgaaaccctttccttgccccataatagttatatggctttggcaagtacctacttcctaggcttgttaagggggtgaagtgataatgtatgtaagtgtgtggtataatttctggtacatagtaagaacacaattaatgctagttgtttttAGTAGTGCTATTACTACTACTACTACTTATCTGAATTACTAAAATTCTACATTAGGCTATACtaatgtgcagaacttctgaatcagtaggttcagattggggctgggcaatctgcctttttaacaagccccttgagtgattaggatgtaggtggttctcagactacattgtgaggagTGCTGCATTGGAGAAATCCATTGCTGTTAGGACTCAAGGTTTTAGGGCCTTAGGATAGCCCCAGTCAAAAGGTAGGC
>Human| chr6:44000987-44002486 | element 200358 | negative
agccaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcagatgatccgcccgcctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattataatcgtgagccactgtgcccggcctggcgttatctcttaaattttaaatgttctggccaggtgcggtggctcatgtctgtaatactagcactttgagaggccaaggcgggcggatcatgaagtcaggagtttcagaccaacctggctaacatggtgaaacccatctctacgaaaaatacaaaaattagctggacgtggtggtgggcatttgtaatcccagctactcgggatgttgaggtaggagaatcgcttgaacccgggaggcagaggttgcagtgagccgagatcacgccactgcactccagcctggatgacagagcaagactccatcccagaaaaaataaaaataaataaataaataaataaatgttcatattctttgacccagcagtttaacttctaggatattatgcaactgcccaaagatatatgtacaaagctgttcatggcagcattgtttataatttttaaaaagggaaacaaatcacagcttcatttatagggaggtggttaggtaaataatagcacatccacagagcaaactactctgctgctattgaaaagaatAAGGggctgggcatggtggctcatgccttaaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggcagaaggatcaaccacttgagaccaggagtttcaggtcagcctgggcaatataagaagaccctgtctctatttaataaataaataaaaATAAAAAAGAATAAGGAAGCTTTATGTATATACCATCATGGAAGGAAGTCTAACATAAGTGAAAAAACAAATTGTTAACCTTATGTGTAACATATTTTTAAAATAATATGTTTTAATCATGCCTGGGCCCATCCACTTCTCTTTGGAGGTCCCTAAGGAAGCTTAATACATAAAAACAGTGGTAAAGGCAGGCAAAATATCACTTTAATACTCACTGGGGTCCTGGCCTCCAGTGGGCAGGACAAAGGCCCCTCTGACAGTGCACACAGAAAGGATCCAGCGGTTCCTGGGGCTCCCTCTACCTTCACATCCTGTCACTCTGCCTGGGCCCAGATCCTCCACCTTGCCGTGCATGCACACAGGGGCCACTGATTGACTCAGAAGACCCCCACCCTCTGGTGGCTCTGGAATCTCTTCCTTCAGGGTGTGAAGGCCAGGGAGAGAGGCAGGGGAAGGGGTTGACCCACCCTCTGGGGTCAGAGGTGCTGAGCCTCCCGGATGCAGGGGGTGGACCAGAGCCAGGAATTGCAACAGCTGGCCACGGGGTTTGTGGGTGAGTGGGCAGCCTGCTGTGGTGAGGAGGGGAAGGATTTGTGGGAAACACGGTTGGCAGAAATAGCCAGGATGGCATGCACCGGCAGCCTCTGGGGAGGGGACCCTTGCCCTCAGCCAACTCCCTCAGGGTCCATCCTGGGGCATTGCTGGCCACCTGGCCACC
>Human| chr1:47027202-47028701 | element 200359 | negative
CATCTCGCACCAGGAGCTTGGAGATGAGGTCTTTGGCTTCACTGGAGATGTGTGCCCAGTCCTTGTCAGGAAACTCATACTTGCCTTCCTGGATGCTTTCAAACAGCTTGTTCTAGGTACAAAAGATTCCTCCTGAGGCCACACTGCCAGGGATGGGCAGGATGTGCCTGTCATTGTTTTGATCAACCGGCTTCAATTGATCTCAGCTGTAGCTGCAGCTCATGGCTTGGGGATGCCACAGACTGGGGCCTCTTCCCAGACTCACCCCGCACTGTCCCCTAGATGATCAAACTATATAGAATGCCCTTGGCAGGCCAGGATGGCTATGCCCTTGGTGGGCTGGATGGGTGATGAGTGGAGATCACCCATAGAACAAAGCCCAAATTCCTTGGCTCTTCCTAGAGGACTctctgtgaacctctcaggcctcatctcccactaccaccgacctactactccactcttccttcctagacactccagctatttcatgtgcccacatctatgcccgtgctgttccttctacttgtgattcttgtccctcttccgcagggcaggatgcaccctttaagagtcagttcagggctgggcgcggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcgggaggatcacaaggtcaggagattgagaccatcctggctaacacgatgaaaccccgtctctactgaaaatataaaaaattagccagacgtggtggccggcgcctgtagtcccagctacttgggaggcctaaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacccaggaggcagaggttgcagtgagtcgagatcgtgccattgcactccagcctgggcgacagagagagactccatctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagagtcagttcaggcatgatcttctaacaatcctgccctgaactcccaGCTGGGCGGAGTGTCTGATTATCTCTATTTTACCTTGTGGCCACCGTGACAGGAGCGGGAGAGGGCACTATGAGCCCCCATCCCGATCAGGAACGCTCTCCCAGCCCAGTCCTGCTTGGCATCCCCCAACCACACTGACCCCTAGCAGGGTCTACGCAGTGCTCCCTGGGGCCGCACTCACCTGGCACACCCTGCAGACCTCGCCCCGGTCCCAGCCACAGTCGGCCCCGCAGTGACCCACGAAGGGTGGGTAGCCACTCAGCATGATGTAGAGGACCACGCCCAGGCTCCACAGGTCACAGCGCTTGTCGTAGAATGTGGCCTGGTCCGTGAAGACCTCCACTACCTCAGGGGCCATGTATTCTGCAGAGCCACACTGTGGGGGCCAGGGTTGGGGGAGGGGGAGATGGCAGAGAACAGAGAGGCTTAGTTACAGCAGAGGGGATGGCAGAGAGCAGACTGTGATGGGACTGGAGCAGGAGGCTGGAAGGATGAGATACAGATCAGGAAGGCCAGCCAGTGAGCCGCCTGATGCCACCAAGGCATCTGCAGACTGAGCTCCA
>Human| chr10:64992956-64994455 | element 200360 | negative
TAATCCTTTATAGTTAAAAATGTGTCCAATTAACCTGCATAGTCTAAAATATGCTCAACTGAGCACCACTGTTTTCAAACTCTTCACAGCATATTAATAACCTGATTTACTTCTTAAGCATATTTCCCTAAGGATAAAAGAGTATAGTCATTTTAACTCTTAGAAAAGCACTGTCTGTAACATTAGCACTGATAAAATTAGACTTAAAAAAAAATTTTAAACTTCATGTCTAACAACACCCAAAAAAACAAATCTCAAATTATAATCACATTAAAACACACCAGGCAAACAAAACAGAATTAATGACAAATACAAGGGTATTTTAATATAATTGTTTTCATTATATTCGTCAGAATTTATGTCCTGGAATTAAAATATCCCCCAAATGAAATCTACTTAAGCAATGGGATACAGCCTTAAAAATATTTTATCTTGGCTCAAATGATCACAAACAGAACCATAAAAACATTCCTTTTACTTTTCCAACTAGAAAGATTTtatatatatatgtatctccatatatacatattatatatatatatatatCcacacacgcgcgtgcacacacacacacacacacacacacacCACCACCaggatatataacagatattaccagtaatttctttagctgagttatgaataatctactttgctatgcttttatgtatttttctggaagttttttattttgcaatgaccatgttttgcttttataatgagaaaaagaaaCATTTAAGATGAAAAAGACTGATGCCAACAATTTATTCACAGTAATACTAATTTCCTTTGTTACAAAGTTTCAACAAAAAATGCAATATAATCTGACAGTTAAATATGATAAGCATACTCCATAGAAACCTAGCTAATTTAGAAATTTTGTTGGTAATGATAACAGAGTAAAATGAAAATACTCTTTGCATTCTTTTAAATACTCACATTAAAAGGTGGACTTAATCACTTGAGATCCAGAGTTACGAGAAGTCTAGCATGGGTAACATGACAGACTCTTGTTTAGAGTCTCTTGAAAACAAACAAAAtgtaatcacagcactttgggaggctgaggcaggtgaaacgctgagcccagagtttgagaccagcctgggcaacatggcgagaccctgtttctacaagaaatacaaaaattaggcaggtgttatggtgcatgcctgtagtcccagctacttgagaggctgaagtgggaggattgcttgagcatgggaggtagaggctgcagtgagccacgatcgcaccactgcactccagcctcatcaacagagagaaacctcctcttaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaCACCAAAAACAAAAACCTTCCCTATCCTATAAAAAAAAACCTTTTAATATGTTAATACTTAAATTTTTAGATTTGCTAAAAATATCGTTAAAGGCCTATAAAAAGAACGAGTTATTTAATGCAATATTAAgctgggcatggtggttcacgcttgtaatcctagcactttgggagg
>Human| chr8:55218824-55220323 | element 200361 | negative
CTTGATGCTTAAAAACCTTTTGAGACTCTGGGGAAAATTGTAGAAGACATGACTGCAAATACAGGGTGGTATGTCTTCAGTGATGGTGTGCCAGCCTCATATATTGAAAGTGAAGTTCCTGCTTCTGCATTTATTCATATGCTGGGTAATTTAAGCTACTAAAATGAAAGCAAATAAGAAAAATAAGGGAGAACAAGAATCAGGAAACAATGAAAAGtactgaacatttattgagtgccagttatgtgctaggcattttcatgcatGTTGAAGTCTTTGCCTAGAGTTTTCTTTGTTGAACAAAAACCTCAGTGGGCTTATAACTGAGAACTTTGTATATAGGTAATGTGCTCTACCAGAAATTTAGTGTGAAGACTACTATTATTATAAGATAGCAACTATCTTCAAAGGAAAGATATCTGTAATTTGCTGTTAGAATGGCAATGTATTCTTTTAGGAACTTGCTGTGCAGAAATATATATATATTCATATATAAAGTCAACTCTTTggccaggtgaggtggctcacacctgtaatcctagcactttgggaggcccaggcaggcggatcatttgagctcacgagttcgagaccagcctgggcaacatggtgaaaccccgtctctaccaaaaatagctgggggtggtggcatgcacctgtagtcccagttacttgggagactgaagttggaggatcgtttgagcccgggaggcccaggatgcagtgagatgagattgcaccactgcactctagcctgggtggcagagtgagaccctgtgtaaaaaaaaGAGTATagtcaaccccattattcatggattctgcatttgtgaattcacatgctttctaaaatttatttgtaaccccaggaccaatgcttctggttgcttccatggccatttgcagatgtgctgaggggaacttgagctgcctgcccataaggcagagccaggcagtgctctgcattcttgcttcagccctcacactgtgagcacatgtcattttggtagtttattttttggcatattttttgcatgtttgcactttttgttttggtgatttctctgtttaagatggctcccaagcatagtgctggactgctgttcagcattcctaagcccaagaaggctgggatgtgtcctacagagaaaacacatgtggtagataagcttccctcaggcatgagttacagtgctggtggcggtgagttcaatgttaatgaatcaacaatatacagtcatgcaccacataatgacgttttggtcaatgacagactgcatatatgatgatggtcccataagattataatagagctgaaaattcttatcacctagtACTTAGTGCATGCCTTAAatcattattttagagtatattctttctatttgaaaagttgactgtaaatcagcctcaggcaggtccctggggaggtatccagaagaaggcattgttatcatagagatgacagctccaagcctgttgttgcccctgaggacaagatgtgaa
>Human| chr16:28849937-28851436 | element 200362 | negative
AAAATGGGCGGGGTTGGAGTCCCAAGAGCACTCAGCAGGTAGATGTGGGGTGGTGCAGGAGCTGCAAGGCTTCAGCTGGGCTCAGGATATTTGAAGTGTAGATGGAGAGACAGGTATCTACTATGAAATATGGCAAGTATTACTGGGTAATCTTTCAATtttttttttttttttaagagacagagtcccattatgttggccaggctggtcttgaactcctgggctcaagcagttctgccttggcctcccaaagtgctggggattacaggtgtgagccaccacacccagcTGAGTAGTCATTTTGATGCTTTCTGGAAGGACTGCAGATTGTAcagcagtccgcccgcatctgggggggatgtgatctgagatccccagtggatgcccatagtaccaaaccttatgtatactatgttttttcctatagctatgatgaggtttagtttctaaattaggcacaatactcttgtgcttcggggccatcactgagtaaatcagggctacttgaacacaatcattggagtgctgtaacggtcaatctgataaccagcacggctactaaagtgactaacaggcaaagggatggttcacgtcctgacaggatggatggagcaggatggcaaaagatttcatcatactactcagaatggtgctcaacttaaaatctgaactgttaaatagaaaattctaggccaggtgcggtggctcacacctgtaatcctagcactttgggaggctgaggtgggtggatcatgaggtcaagagatcgacaccatcctggccaacatggtgaaaccctgcctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcatagtggcgcatccctgtcggcccagctacttgggaggctgagacaggagaatggcttgagcccgggaggtggaggttgcagtgagcagagatcgtgccactgcactctggcctggcgacagagcgagactctgtctcaggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaTTCCAgctgggtgcggtggttcacgcctgtaatcccatactttgggaggccgaggaaggtggattatttgaggtcgggagttcgagatcaggttggccaacatggtgagatgccatctctactaaaaatacaagttagccaggtgtggtggtgggtgcctgtaatcccagctacttgaaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttgaacccgggatgcagaggttgcagtgggccgagatcgtgccacggtactccagcctgggtgacagacactgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattccagaaataatcagaccagtgttgacagtggataactgaaaccagggataagggcagagactactgTATGTTTACCATCTTTGAGCAGAaatctcaaagttggaagggaacttagccttcagccagccagaaattccTCTTGGCAGCCCGTCAGCCTTGCCTTGAGCACTGAGGAGAAGACAAATCTGCCCTGTCATTGGACTTCTTTT
>Human| chr3:176810600-176812099 | element 200363 | negative
tgtcaaagagatttgcacatccatgttcaaagcaggactattcataacagccaagaggtggaagcaacccaaatgtctaccaacagatgaatggataaagaatatgtggtatGacttctattcaacatagtacttactggaagtcctagccagagcaatcagacaagaaaagacatcaagggcatccaaatcggtaaagaggaaggcaaactgttgctgtttgctgataatataattgtatacctagaaaaccctaaaaactcctccaaaaagttcctagaagtgataaatgaattcagcgaagtttccagatacaaaattaatttacacaaatctaactcttctatacatcaacagcaaccaagtggagaatcaaaccaagaactcaaacccttttacagctattgtagtagctgcaaaaataaaataaaatacttaggaatatacctaaccaaggagatgaaagacctctacaaggaaaactacaaaacactgctgaaagaaatcatagatgacacaaacaaatggaaacacatcctgtgttcatggatgggtagaatcaatattgtgaaaatgaccacactgccaaaagcaatctacaaattcagtgcaattcccatcaaaatactacatcattcttcacagaagtacaaaaaacagtcctaaatttctatggtatcaaagaagagcccacatagccaaagcaagactaagccaaaagaaccaatctggagtcatcacattacctgatctcaaactatactataaggccatagtcaccaaaacagcatgatactggtataaaaataggcacataggccaatggaacagaacagagaacccagaaataaagccaaatatttacagccaactgatcttcgacaaagctaacaaaaacataaagtggggatagaacaccctattcaacaaatggtgctgggagaattggcaagccatatgtagaagaaggaaactgtatcctcatctctcaccttatacaaaaatcaactcaagatggatcaaagagttgaatctaacacctgaaaccataagaattccagaagataacattgggaaaacccttctagacactagcttgggcaacgacttcatgaccaagaaccccaaagcaaatgcaacaaaaacaaagataaattaagatgggacttaattattaactaaaaagcttcttcatagcaaaaggaacaatcagcagagtaaacagacaacccacagagtgagagaaaatctccactatctatacatccaacaaaggactaatattcacaatctacaaggaactcaaacaaagcagcaagaaaaaaacaaataatcctataaaaaagtgggctaaggacatgaatagacaattctcaaaagatatacaaatgaccaacaaacatgaaaaaaatactcagtatcactaaaaataagagaaatgcaaatcaaaaccacaatgtgatgccaccttactcctgcaagaatggctgtaatcaaaaa
>Human| chr5:153645085-153646584 | element 200364 | negative
TTGATTCTAAATTCACAATGTGCATCTTTAATGGCTCCAAGTTTGGATAATTTTATGCTGTTTATATCCTAGCAGCAATGGTTTATGCATATTTCCCAAGTTATTACCCTCCTAGGAGAAGAGCGAACAGCCTCCTTTTACAAAAGACAGTCCCATATGTCCTGGTTTAGTGCATCTCTCTTCAAAGATCACTTTGCATTGAGATGTCAGGAAAGCGTGACAGCTGGATGAAGCACCTACCCCAGTTTGCAAGCAGGTGGGTTTTCGGTTTTCTGGACCCTCTTACCCAGCTCCCAGATGGCCATGCATTTGAAAATCGCCAATTAGGCACTTTGCAGTCACCTGGAGTTTTTCTATTGAGACATGTTTCAATCTCATTAAAAAAAAAAATGTTGCCCACCTTCCTCCACTCTCAtcagaaaagaaatttattaacatgcaatgagaactttaaaaaactcatccagaagctttctttctgagagtccagcctgaggtgataatcagaaatgtgggatgtatagaatgtttattgaaacttaaagaaatttttctattgtggcaaaatatatgtaacatgaaaacaatttaatagtaggaaactggaagcaagtaaatatcgagcattagggaatatgatattccatgtattcaaatataatacattctttgaaaatactttcaaagaacttttaatagcaggaaatttctcttgacatatcatgagtgaagaaagcaggctccagacctccaattaggtctttagatttcagatttcaggcacatgcattgaaacaagataaataaaggaactacaaaattcttaacagtgatgattattggatggtaggattatggaggatttctttaattaaattttttattttgagttaattatggatttcacatgcacttgtaagaaaaattacagggagatcctatgaaccctttacctagtttcctatagaggatttaaattttctcctttgtgcttttctcttttcccaacaatctacagtcagGGAAAATAAAATTAAAGACTATCATTAAAAAAAAAAAAAACAGCTTCccaggtgtgatgactcaagtctttaattctggcactttgggaggctgaggtgagaggatcccttgagaccaggagttcaagataagcctggacaaggtagccagaccctgtctctataaaaataaaaataaaaaaatattagcggggtgtggtggtgcctacctgtagtcctagccacacaagagactgaggtggaaggattgcctgagcccaggagttagaagctgcgatgagcttgattgtgccattgcactccagcctgggcgacagagcaagaccctctaaaacaaacagaaCTTATTCATCCTTCTGGAGAACTTTGCTCCAAATTTTAATTGATCTCTCCTTTTCCTGTGTACCCATAGCTCATTACCTAGGCTTTCAGTCCCCTGTAGATCTTAGCACCTTCTGCTAATATTGGAGTTAATTGG
>Human| chr1:70468801-70470300 | element 200365 | negative
accatgttgctgtgagtttacatgacctctttgcatgggttggttgtcggagggaagaacaagccctggtttctcttcttgtaaaggcattaatcccatcatgagggccccacccttatgactttatccaactctaaattacctccctaaggccccatctccaaataccatcacattggggattaacacttcaacatatgaattttggagggaaacattcagtccataacaTATATCTTTTAAACTTACAACATCTACTCTTAGGAGATGAGGTGTTTGAAATTGTTTCCATGCTTTGTGACAGAGTCCTGAAGAATAAACTGTTTTGAATCATAGCAGTTGGTTTTCAAGTCAAAGAACTTAGAGCAATTTAAAAAAGAAAAGAAAACAAATAATGCATTTGCCAGAGTAATAAAGGCATCTTCACATCGGCACACACAAAGTTATTGAGAAAAGTACAAAGAAATGATCAAATGGAATTTCACTGATGATTGTATAAGATTTCAGTTAAAGCACAAAACCACTAATGATATCCATTTAAGAGTCATCCTCCTTCACTGCCTACTTCCTCCTCCACTTCCTTCCCCAGCATTTCAGAATTGTGACTGTTTATGTCCTGTGGGCAAATATTAATTGCAGTACTTACTCCTGCATGCATGAAATGTTTCCATATTTTTCATTAGTTAAGAAATCTTTCAGTCTCCCAACTTGGAACATATAGTATCTTTAAAAAAAAAAATAGTCTTTGCTAATGAATGAAGCTATTCTCTACTCATCAGTTGCAGATATGTTCACTAAAAAATACTTTAAACAATATTTCACATTTGGATGATATTTTTCTCCAATAATCTAACGTAATTTTTTTGCAAATTCTATTTTCAAGCAGTCTAATCAACTTTCTAAATAGTGAAAAGGAAAGCAACGGTTTCTAGTTGTTTTAGATAGATGGGAAAATTGGGTTCAAATGAAAAGTTTATTATCTCTATGATAATGATAGCTGCTTAAAATCACTCAACATTTCAGAGGTAAAATCTAGATGATTTTGTTTCTAATGAATGCGTTTTCGTCATACTTTCACTGAATTCAGCATAGGCCGTGAGATTTGGTACTAAAATGGGGTGTGTTTTACTTGGAAAACAGTATAGAAAAGAATTAGTCTGACTAAAGTTTGCAAATTTCCTACCATTATTTAGAAGCAGCCCAAGCAACTTATGTAATGTTAAAAAGAAAATTAAGAATGGAACCTAAAACTTGATTCCTAGCCTAAATTAAGTGAAATTGATTGTAGAATCTCTGAAAATGAGTATAGCAGcaaaagttacttaacatttgctatgtgcccattctaagtgttttacatgtactaattcctttgtgtgtgtttaggccttatgacacgtggttaagtactgctgtcacccacttttgctcagtgatgaaactgaggtacacagtaattaagtaactagtaattattagggtctagactccaatcccagc
>Human| chr9:27419040-27420539 | element 200366 | negative
cccttttacgatagctgcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagacttagtaacatacctaaccaaggagtcgaaagacctctacaaggaaaactacaaaaccctgctgaaagaaatcatagatgacacaaacatatggaaactcatcccatgctcatggatgggtagaatcaacattgtgaaaatgaacacactgacaaaggaaatctacaaattcaatgcaattcccatcaagataccaccatcattcttcacataattagaaaaaacaattctaaaattcatatgaaccaaaataagagctcacatagccagggcaagactaagcaaaagaacaaatctggaggcatcacactacctgattttaaactataccataagggcatagtcaccaaaacagtgtggtactggtataaaaataggcacatacaccaatggaacagaatagagaaccagaaatgaacccaaatacttacagccaaccgatcttcaacaaagcaaacagaaacataaagtggggaaaggacacccttttcaacaaatggtgctgggataattggctagccacaagtaggagaatgaaactggatcctcatctctcgccttatacaaaaatcaacttaagacggattaaagacttaaacctaagacctgaaactataaaaattctagaagataacattggaaaaagccttctagccattggcttaggcaagatttcatgaccaagaacccaaaagcaaatgcaataaaaacaaagacaaatagctgagacctaattaaactaaagagcttttgcacgaaaaaaggaacagtcagcagagtaaatagaaaacccacagagtgggagaaaatcttcacaatctatacatctgacaaaagaccaatatccagaatctacaacaaactcaaacaaattagtaagaaaaaaacaaacaatcccttgaaaaagtgggctaagcacatgaatagacaattctcaaaagaagatacacaaatggccaacaaacatgaaaaaaaatgttcaacatcactaatgatcagggaaatgcaaatcaaaaccacaatgcaataccaccttactcctgcaagaatggccataataaaaaaatcaaaaaagagtagattttggcatggatgcagtgatcagggaacccttctacactgctggtgggaatgtaaactagtacaggcactatggaaaacagtgtggagattccttaaagaactaaaagtagaactaccatttgatccagcaatctcactactgggtatctacccaggggaaaagaagtcattattcgaaaaagatatttgcacacacatgtttatagcagcacaattcacaattgcaaaattgtggaactaacccaattgtccatcgatcaacgagtggataaagaaactatgattatatatataTATTCCATCTACATATTCCATCTATATATTTCATATATATTCCATCTATATATTCCATCTATATTCCATCTATATATTCCATCTGTA
>Human| chr16:146227-147726 | element 200367 | negative
AAGGAGACTCTGACAGCAAGGATGAGAGGCACAGTGTCCAGCACAAACTCCTGCCAGACAGCCTCAGGAAAGCCAGGCCCAGCTCCTTTCAAAAGCTCAACACAGGACCAGTGAACAGCCACAGGCATTTACCATGTGGTCGGTGCTCATCAGGACACGGAGGGTCACTGCCTCCCTCACTCTGCAGGGTTGTATGGAGTGGTGAGTTCTTTTAAAATTCTCTGTCTCCTGAATGCTATGAAGGTGGGCAGGACATGGTGTTTACTGAGTCCTGTCCAGCCCATGAAGTCCAAAGGCACAgctgggcatggtggctcatgcctgtaataccagccctttaggaggccaaggtgcgatgatcacttgagcccaggagtatgaggccagccagggcaacatagggaaaccccgtctctaccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatattagccaggcgcacacctgtagtcccagctacttgggaggatgcttgagcctgggtggatcatgatggcaccaccacatgccagcctgggagacagagcaagaacctgtctcagaaaagaaaaaagaaaTACAAGGGCACAATTtggtaagtgctctcacagaggatagataaagggtcctgagatacagaggcgggagacttactctcaaagacagaatccaaaaaggctgctttcggggaaaagtggcctgagagtcaggccttgttggacaagtTCCCCTAACGTGCTAAGCAGAGACCTGTTTCACAGGCCAAAAGAGCATGGAAGCTCAGCCAGAGGGACCCAGGCGGGCCCACCTCACGCCTGTGTTCCTCGGCAGCCTCTGCTGCCCCCTGGTGGCCATGCTGTGCACACCGCCACCAGACGAGGGCGCCACCCACAGGCACCACCTGCTCCCACCCTCAGGCAGTATTTCAATGGTCCCGTGGCTCTGGGCCACGCCCACATGACTAGCAGCCACAGCTGATCCCATGGCCTGTTGGCCACCCCATCAGCAGCCCCTGCTTCTGATTTCTCCCCGTGCtttttttttttttggaaacagagtcgcccaggctggagtacagtggcacaatctcagctaactgcaacctctgcctcccaggctcaattgatcctcacacctcatacccccaagtagctgggactacaggtgcacgccaccacacccagctattttttttttttttttttttgtattttttgtagagacggggttttgccatgttgctcaggctggtctcaaagtcctgggctaggatgacaggcatgagccaccgtgcccagccTTGCCTGCGCTTTTCCTCCCACACTCCAACCAGATCCGCAGACGAGGCTGAGGGGCCCTCCATCTAATCAGAAAGGGCAGCCCTCTGCATGGACAGGCCCATAAGCATGTGGCTCAGCAAGGACGTGGCATCTTGTACAGAGTGCACAGGCCAACACATGTGCACACACAGGGGCGTAAGGCCACCAGGTTAGGTCTCTGTTCTGC
>Human| chr11:74898673-74900172 | element 200368 | negative
ggtagtgattctgaaggttcaggtGACAGtgataatgatgattgtgctggtggtggtgatcatgacagagacaacaataacaatcatcacatcgtgatggtaatgtcgtgactaaatttgtcatttagtcacaacgatatgggtgatgtgaatgagggtgatatttaagctgaaaggaatagaaatgatgatgatgattatggtggtgattttcctaaaaatgttggtgattattatgatgttaatagtggtcatgaCAACTAACCCATGTGGATACTGGTGATGACAAAGTTTAACCACAAGAATTTTATTCATCCTTTCAAAACCACTTGTTGGGTACCTATAGGGCCAAGAACAAATGGAACACTGCAGGCCTCAATTGCTCCTGAAGAGATGACAGGGCTCTCACCCTCTCCTCTCCAAGACCTCTCCTCCCCAGCCCACAGCCAACTCTGAGTGGGGTTGCTGGCATCCAGCGGACTGTCCTTGGTTTTGTGTCTCCTTCAGGGCAAGGACTCTCCCTCTAAGCAGAGCCCTGGGGAGTCCACGAAGAAGCAGGATGGCCTAGTCCAGATTGCACCAAACCTGACTGTGATCCAGTTCATTAAAGGTAAGTCAGCTCAGACCAGGTTATGGGGAGCCAGGGCCAGAGGGGTCTTCGAGATTGTCAGGATCCAGTCCTTCCTGCTTTTCTTGATTCATCTTCTCTACCTGCAGACCCCTCATGAGCACCAtctactccttgtgagtctttgcacatgcaatcctctctgcctggaCCATCATTTTTTATTGCTTTCAAAACCTTCCCTATGggccaggcattgcggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggtggacggatcacttgaggtcagaagtttgagaccagactggccaacatggttaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcatgatggtgggcacctgtagtctcagctgcttgggaggctgaggcagaagaatcacttgaacctgggaggcagaggttgcagtgagccaagatcacaccactgcactccagcagacagagacttcatttcaaaaacaacaacaaaaaaCCTTCCCTATCCGTCTAGGTCCAGCTAAAAACCCACTACTTTCCCCACATGTCCAGCTCTTCCAGCCAGCAAAGCCACTTCCTTCCCTCTTTGGTTCTCAGAACCCTCAGGGCTTCTAGATCAGTTCAGATCTGAGCCTGTGTTCCTGAAGGTCAGGCCTGTGCTGGCTCATCTATGACCCTTCCTCTCCTCCCACCCACTGCTGAGCCTGCAAATGGGAGGCCATCGGGAAATTGTCAAATTTCCAGACAGTGGCATGGGCGAAGAGAGCTCTGGGCTAATATCCAGAACCTGGGCTTTTGTCCCTGAtccctgctcctttctgggcctccgtttccccatctatatagccaggagtagactcaatgatctAACGTCTTGAGGCTATGATCCT
>Human| chr6:66798791-66800290 | element 200369 | negative
GGGATGTCTTTGGGAACCATACGTTTGCTTTAATCATACTGATTTAACAGTCTGTTTCAAGTGATGTGATAGAGTGCAAATAAAATTAATGGCTGTAGATGTTTGACCAAGATGAAGAAATAGAAAATATAAGCAACATCGAAGCTTCTATTATGCATATTTCTTATTATACAGCCATTTTAATTAAAATTACAACAAACCTGGTACTTTAAATTCTGTACCAAAACTGAGTTAATAATTCCTTAATCCCTCAAGTGCTTGCTATATATTAAACTCTTAGTAAAAAGCTGTTAAATAAATTAATAGATTTTTGACGTAACAAATTATTTGCCAACATATATTagcacctggcgtattacctagaaaataataaatgcttgataatatttgttgaattaatTCATGTTAGAAATCAgtattagcaagaggtctccagagggacagaaccaataagttatatgtatatatattaaaggtattttattagaattggctcacaagattacaaggtaaagtcccacaatagactatctgcaagctggggaaggagagaaacccatagtgcctaagtccaagtccaaaagcctcaaaatcaagtaagctaacagtgcagccctttgtctgctgccaaaggcccaagaacccgcaagaagtcactggtgcaagtcccagagtccaaagatcgaagagcctggaatctgatgtctaagggcaagaggagtggaagcaagcatctggcatggaaagaagaaagagagccagaatactcaccaagtaaatgtatctcaccttcttccacttgccttgttctagctgcactggcggccgattagatggtgcccacctacattgagggtgggtcttcctctcccagtctgccaactcaactatcaatctcaggcaatgccctcatagactcacacagaagcaatactttaccagccatctaggtatccctcaattcaatcaagttgacacctaatattattcatcacaACATATGTGTAATGGATTTACTTTAGCCATCATCTCTAAAGCCATAGTGTGCAACTATGGGGTAATCAATTATTTGTATCTCATCCAAAGATATTTCCATTTCCCTGGTTCATTTTATGTTCGTCATTTGTAAATCTGACATTCTCTTTAGGGTGTAAATTTTTAATAATGAGCATTGCAAATGGAATTCTACACATTTGCTTAGATGTCATGGAATAGCTGAAGAGAGCTTGGGCTTTTAATAGGCAGACTTGCTCCCAAGAGGGTGAAGAGTAAGACAAAAGATGTTTGTGCCTAGTTGTTTCCCTGTGCTTACAAATCAAATGAATCATTCTATTTCCTTAGGGGCAAATTAAATGaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaCAGAGAAAGGCCTATTGGTATTTTGTGGAAGTTCTGTATTATGGCCTTTGGTTGCCATGATTAGAGGAAGTATCATTCTATAATTTTAAGGAATTTTTAAAATCTTAAATAAtgaaacaggaaag
>Human| chr2:151707143-151708642 | element 200370 | negative
TCATCCCATTCTCTATTCCTATAACTAGTTCTCTAGCTCTTAATATTGGGTCTAGTTTCCATTTGCTGAGGTTACACTTCATTACACAGAATTCCTTAAAAATAAAAACATCAAACTTCAAAGCAGAACTTGTTTTCTGACCTATTTTTGGTAATCACTGAAGACAATGAGGTTTCTGTTCATCTCCCTCTCCTTGATGTTCTTTCTTTGTGATTACCCCCATCTTTTGTAATTCATTACACCCCAAGGCAATTACTGCATTTTGTGAAATGCACAGCTTTAAAAGAAATTTCCATGCAGTTACAGAAACTGAATGCCACATTTCTAAGCAAAGCACCCTTCCTTAGGGCACTGTGGATTAGCCTTTCCATGCTAACAGGCATGGATGGAGACAATTTCTTTAGCAGTCCCACAGTGTATTGAAAATTCCCTGAACACAATTGTTCTTTTTAAACTAGGCCTTTGGTGGCTGCCTAAGATAAGTTACATCTATGTTTCTCTGCCTCTAAACCCAGCTGTTGCTCATTTAGTCGCTTAGCTGAGGAGGGCAGCCTCTTCATGGAGATAGAAATTAAACATAGATCAATCTTAAATTTTCTGTAATTGTGAAGTTATATCCCACCTCTAACCAGGACATAGGACAGTTCTGGCCTAAAGCCTTGGACTTTCAGGACTTCCGGGCCAGCCGTCATTTGCCTAAAATCtgttattgaactaaactggggttcactcacctggcacagtaaaaccagatatccacactgaggtttacagtgaaagaaaggaaggcctttatttgcagggcaaggagaattgggcagctaacacttaagtcttgacctccccaatggcttgcaagtaagagttttttaaaggcaggggtaaattccagcaggagctatatgcaaaatcataaatcaatacacagaggtcacacattggtttggccaggtcataggtagattccaagattttctgtttgcaattggttaagaaaggtttgtttaaaaatttggggtcaccagaaaagaatgttagctctggctcttgagtatgatttcctccaggcccctcaggaagaaatttaggacaaggaacagtggtcagagttgtctttggttccccattttcctgagatctatgtgcctgtggatccattgggcaggagtccagctttatgagaaacaactcagggacatatgctgagatgtcatctttagttttgtaaccacttgatgggttcatcttgcccactgcccagatacagccgatatatcaagacagggaacttgcaatagagacagagtaaaagacatgtagagctggctaaatggaaggctatagttgtattattactcaaatcagcctactcaaaaatttggtggttagagattttaaatgatagtttggcaggcaggaacctagggaatgggtgctgctgaatgtttgggaatgcaattataggggtgtggaaaatggtcctcctgtgctgagtctgct
>Human| chr21:15537544-15539043 | element 200371 | negative
CAGCCGAGGACATGATTTTTCCTTAAAACAGTCACAGTCCACACATAAGCTAGTCTTGTAATCTTTGTATGAACGACAAGGAAATGAAATAAAATTGCAGTTTGTTTCTAAAGATGCCATGAACAAGTGAACTGCTCTCTGGTGGTTGCATTTAATGAATTGAATTCCTTAAGGGTTAAAAAAAAAACAAAGAACTGTAGATGTATTAAGCCATGTTCAAGTACATTTAAAAACAAAGTAAAGATGAAGTTTTGCTAAATACTATGTACCTTATGAATATTACTGACTATAATACACAGTTTTATGTCAAACCACTAAACAAATAGTACCAATGAAAACTTAAATTTAGTATGTCTTTTGCATGAGATTTATAATGAATTTTTAAAGTAATAATTAACATAGCAAAAATGTTTCATTTCAGTGTTTCACAAGCTCTACACAGTGCTACTATACTTAATAACTAGTGTACACATCTTTTCCTTCTAATACTGCACTCCTAACATTTCCACCTAATGACAAAGATGACCATGAAACCAGCTGACCTTAAAACTTTATTACCTTCCTTTTCTTTTCCAACCTTGCACATCCTCCTCCTTTTCACCAAACTTCTTTAGCTACAGTGCCCTTTGGTCACGTGTTATTTGACCAGTTGCCGTTGTGGACCTAAGAACATTTCTTGCAATGGCTCTGATGTGAGCCAAATTCCACACCTGGGGAAGTTGCTCAGCTATCTTTATGTACAGAACAATCAAGTGTCAAGAGTTTTTACAATTGTCTTTGTACAGTAATATGGTGATGGTTAAGATTAAATCCTGAGATCAAAGTTGTATTATATGATACTTGAGCTACATGTGCTTCCTCAATGACTTACGACTTCTCCTAATGTTTAAAATGATGGaataaaattattaaaaatataatataaGAGGTCTCATCCATGACCTAATGGATGTCTACTGGTAACCTTTATGAACTAAGCATGGTCAAATTAAACCATTGTTAACCAATGACTCTCCTGAGTCATGGGCAATGATGATGAAATCAAAACACTGCCTACAGATTAAGAGGGGAAAAGTAAGTTATTTTCTTTCATCATTTCGAATATTATGTAGTTCATTCAAAAATACTGTCAGTATACCTGAGAAAATTGATTTAGGACAGCCAGGTTGTTTATTTCCTCCATTTGGATAAAAATCTATATGTCCCAAGGGCTCTTGAATGCCTAAACCTGAGAAGAAAGGCACCCAAGAATCACAACATGTATATAATCAGGTGAGTATCTTGCATAAAACAAAATAGCCTATAAAATCCATTGAAAGTTACTCTTTAAATATTAGAATTGAAAATAAGTGCTGTTTTTATAAAGATAAGTTTTTCTTCTATAATTCCTTCATGAAAAGTATATTTCATTAATTTAATATATTTGCCAGTCAGCAGTTTACTATCGGTCAGTCACAGTTTTTTGTGGTATGACCGCATAAGTGAAAAAAGAAATAgaga
>Human| chr8:62188356-62189855 | element 200372 | negative
CTCAAAAGAACAAACCACTGAATTCAAATAAATAAGACCCTATGACAGGTTTAGAAATTATTCTCTCTTAGCCGTCATGTTGCTCGTGCAATATTTCTTTATGTCAACAGGACTTCATTTTAAGAAGATCATATGGTTTTGCATAAGAGGCAGTGGTATTTCTTAATTTAAGTTGCCATTAATGTGGTTAATTGAGAGTCACTGCTACATCATCTAAGCATTAAAGGGGAAAAAAAGGTTTCGTTTGTGAAATTCTGGATTTCTTGCACTTTCTGACTCAGAACTGAACATCCATTAAGAAACCTATGCTTGGGATTTTCTAAGATACTTGGATTAAGCCATTAGCAATCAGCAGGGAAGGTGCCCACAAAATGAAGGACAAAATCCAGATTGGTAATTAGAAAACACTCTCCTGTCATTCTTGGTCCAACCAGTTGCCATCAATATCCACCCACATTAGTTTACACTCTATTTTCAATTTCTTCCCTTCCCTTCTTATTTCTTATTCCCTGTGTGGTCAATGAACTTGGAATATATTTTTCTTTTCCCCTTTGCTTGTTCTGGTTTTTCTCTTCTAGGGATAATCCCAAACAGTCCCAGCGGAAGGTGTATATGAGTTAGAAAGATTGCTCAAGAAACCCTTGCATTCATGCACCAGTAAAGTTGTACTTCTGGCAACATTCTCTTGTTTGTTTTTAGATCTTAATTAAACTAGACTCAGTTTTTAAAcctcctcagtgctccacggcatttttccataggcagcacttatcagattgcactataattatttgctcacatattcagctccttcttttggctctatgcacctcaatgacaaatgattatgtcttaatcaggtttgcattcctagcacttaacacagtaagtattctatTACTGAAAGAAAAAAATGAATAAAATGATACAAGATAATAGGTGTTTATGAAAAATCTTACTTTTTTGTTTTTAAAGATTCAAATGTTAGTTATTATGTAAAAACAGAAAAGTGACCTAATGGTTGAACTGGGAGGGTCAGGGAGGACAAGTTATGTATGGGATGGTGCCCTTAAAGGAAGAGAAGCTGGCTTCAGTCCAATGTCCCAAATAGATCCGAGCACAGTGGCTGCTATTGTTCTCTCTGTCAAATTTTTCCTTTGATGCCTTGTTCCTTACCCTTTTAACACCTCTTGATGTTTAGGAGAGCTGTTGCTCCTACTGGTAAATTCTTTATCAATATCTTTTTATTTTATAGCTTTTGACCTACTCAGTCTGATTGGAGTCAAGTCTTGCTGACTCCAGAGCCACATTCTCTCTTTCTCTCCACTGATATAGCACTTAGTATACCAGGCATGTTCTAAGCACCAAGCACTACCTTTAGGCTAAAGAATGAAGCTTTTGCCCTCACCCTGTGCATAGCATTTTCCTAGGATGAGGAGCTCAAGGTGCACAGCTGATGGATATCTGGAGTCTATACCACACTCCCATGTTCCAAGGACC
>Human| chr7:137682777-137684276 | element 200373 | negative
GGAAACAAttttttaagcttcaagaggaagcccagagctttagcaattcaggatctaatgatcagtccatctttgccctatccatatgcttcattattttgtagactctgaacctgtctgcctttgtccttgtagaccaaGATGTCTTCATAACTAACCAAATGAAAAAAAACATTGCTCCTAACGGTTAACAGAAGGCTCCTGAGAAACATCATAATCTCAGCCTTGGGTAACTTGAACATTCTAAATTGTTTAAATCAAGTATGTGACAGGTTTGCTAAAACAGAGCATTAGCAATCATGCATGTAGTAACTAAATCCCTAGTAAGAGCAACAAAAGTGATCTCACTAGGAAGGTTTGGTGGCTGCCACTGTCAGCCTCATTTAAACATTAGCTGCTTTCAGGCTCAGCAGTTCCTATATTCCAATCACTCTCTCCCAACCTCTTATTCAGTTCCTTCTCTTTAAGTCAGGATTCTTCACTCAGACAGCCTGATAGGCAAGTACttgcaggcaggcaaacatgggtttgaatcctggttctatcactaaatagctgtgggaactgagccaagtggcttaaactcacgaagcctcatttttcttatatgtaaaataaaagtaataaaaatggctcatttcactgggtcattacaagggttaaatggcataatatttgtaaagcactagacacaatgtctttcagcaggaccagctacgtaatttgtgaaacccagtgcaaaatgaaaatgtaaggtccccagttcaaaaagaattaagattttcaagatggtgacagcacagcatcaaaccaagtgtggaccccgtggcactgcatgggtggcaggccatgtggtcagccctgcctttcggatgataaacactcaatagatggtagctGTCATCATCTCTTACCACCCTCACAACTCGTATTTGAACCTCACCCTCCCCTCAGGCTCTCTTCAACTTGGAAAGTTTTATGAAATCATTCCAAAAACAGGCACTGGTGTCTCAGAAGCACCCAGAGTTTATAAGACAAATAACTCACCAAAATGAGTAATCTGAAATACATGATATTAACACAGTCTCATGAAAATGCACACCTACCTTAGGCCTTTGCTCTAGTTCTTCATCCTGCTGAgctaacactcttacctccttccaatttttgttcagatccattttctatgggaagcttgctctgatcactcagttcaatcccatagtttgctcttcttccaccttgtattctctatccccctcaccttgttctacttatacgttttccataacacttatttcatccaacataatcacttctttataatgtttattgtttatgttcccctacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacgaatataagcttctagaagtcagggattttgtctgcttctgttcactcatgtttccaagtgctttatatattccacaaatattaatcgaaagaacaaatatctctctgactg
>Human| chr6:81124529-81126028 | element 200374 | negative
ggagtagcattgaacctttaaattgctttgggctgtttggacattacaaggatattgaatcttcctattcgggagcatggaatgttttttcattggtttgtgtcattcctgatttctttgaacaatgttttgtagttctccttgtggatatctttcaccaccatcagtagttgtgttcttaggtatttctgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtggcaattgtgaatagaattgcatttctcatttggctctcagtttgattcttgtgtttgtttagaaatgttagtgacttttgcacattgcttttttatcctgaaacttcagcaaagtttatcagctgaaggcgcttttgggccaagactatggggttttctagatatcaggtcatgttgtttgcaaacagggatggtttgacttcctcttttactatttggatgaccttcatttctttcttttgcctgattgtcctagtcagaacttccaatactatgttgaataggagtagtgagagggcgtcctcatcttaccttgaaagtcctcccagttttcaagggaaatgcttccagattttgcccattgagtatgatgttggctgtggttttgtcatagatggtccttattattttgagatgtttgttaaatacctaataaattcagagcttttaacatgaaggggtgttgaattttatcaaaagccttttctgaatctattgaaataatcatgtggtttttgtttttagttctattcatgtgatgaatcacatttatcaatttgagtatgttgaaccaaacttgcatcccagggataaagcctacttgataaggcttgataagctttttggtgtgttgctggattcgccaggccagtatttgattgaggatttttgcatcaatgttcattaagggtattggcctgaacgtttctttttttgttgcgtctctgccaggttttggtatccagataattctgacctcatagaatgagttgggtaggagtccttctttctcaattttttggtctagtttccataggaatgataccagctcttctttgtaaatgttgtagaattcacctgtgaatctatgtggtcctgggcttttcttggtgggtagtataattgttattgactcaatttcagagcttgttattgatctgttcagaaattcaatttcttcctggttctgttttgggagggtgtatttcttcaggatttttttttatttcttctagattttacagtttatctgcgtagaggtgttcatgatattctctgagatgatttgtatttctgtggggtcagtgggaatatccctcttgtcatttctgatggtgtgtatttgtcttctctcttttcttcttagtctagctagtggtctacctattttattagttcttccagaaaaccagtccctggatttattgatcttttgaataggttttttttttttttctttgtatgtcaatcttcttcagttcagctctgattttggttatttcttgtct
>Human| chr11:79996923-79998422 | element 200375 | negative
AGGCATCAAATTTATACTGTACACATGTTCTTTCACTGAATTTGTAAGAAATCTTTGATGTACAAataatgatgatgacaatgacagagatgatgatgaagaagatgagagaatcataacagtgatgacgatgGACTttttataaattaggaaattagagctcacaaagaataaataactttagtcaagattatgcagctagcaattagagcttctgcagaatcacagagctccATTCATTGGTCTCCAAGCAACGTTTGTACTTTTCTATTTCTGCCTACCAAGCATCTCTGTTAGTTGAGATTTTTATCATAATCGTTTTTGGTCTTGTTTTTGTTTCTTAGTGGTAAAGGGACTGTAATTGGTGCATACAAGTATAATTCAATTAAATTCAGAGGATAGGGAAGAGattgactttccaagctctttgactatcttagataaatgaaaggactatgcttcaagctgctcaaaaagagccaggttatgaatacagaatctgcaccttaaggttccagttaggtctgggatcaataggaatgatattctgaaaaagtagattcacagactaagacgggtgttatgtttagttactcctttcttttaaagttgtcatattgacctgatataataaatctaaatgactgaaatatatgtcctcagtcatagagaacccagaatgatactctttcatgttgaaaatatgtatttattgcaaaatgagtatccttcatatacaactgatcctgctctctaattagtgccataaagaagggctttagatgaaccattcggcagtgaaaagcttcagtttgggctggtatcttagttaataggcttggctaacaatcctaacaacaaatcaactgctttagttacctgtgagtacattttacaTGAAGGTGTCCAAGAATATGAATATCTTCTATTCAATTACCAATCTTGTTACTGATTGAGAGAAAGCAAATTCCAGTTCTCTTATTATGTAAATATAAAACCATAGTCATTTTAAAAATAAAAGATGCCTGACTATGCCTGCAATGTTTGTTTTCATTTAAATAATAACACAACTTACTCATTTAATTTTTAAAATCTTTTGTCTACTTTGTCCTGGTTTGGCTGTAAAAACTGCTACAGTAACCCAAAGTAATATTATTTTCATAAAGTTCCCAGCAGTTCTCAGCGGGACACTGAGACTTGAGCAAGCACTTAGAAGGTTATCTCCAATCAACTGCTAATGACAGTGAAACTAATGTTATTTTatttaagtaacactttaaagtttacatattactttcacactcattatgtaattggaatcttaccaaaactcttttggcaggttaagtcatgttatttttctcatttaaaaggcaaagtaactagtgttcagaagggttaagtgctttactgaaatgcatacaactaaagtTCATGATATATATATTCTTTAATTTTTGGCATAATATATTTTTGAAGtagctttaataatctaaataa
>Human| chr11:20355838-20357337 | element 200376 | negative
aggagttgtcaaaggtcaaataggaagtgtcaaatccaggtcttttgcttccaagttcagtgctctttctacaacagcaTGGTGTACACATTTGGAAGTTTGTGGAGACTACTACAAAAATATCAGATTCACTTTGGGCTCTGGGAAAGAACTTAAACATCTGTGTTAGTAAACTCTTGAAATCAATTAGTAAGATAAGAATAGAGTCTTCggctgggcgcggtggctcacacctgaaatcccagcactttgggaggccaaggcgggcagatcacttgaggtcaagagttcgagaccagcctggcaaatatagtgaaacccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagtcagacgtggtggcgcatgcctgtagtcccagctattcgggaggctgaagcaggcgagtcgcctgaacctgggaggtggaggttacagagagctgagatcatgtcactgcactccagcctgggcaacagagtgagaccctgtcttaaaaaaaaagacaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaTAGAATCTTCATCTGTGGGGAGTTTTACAAGATCAGAAGAGTCTCCAGCTTAATCTGGGTAGACGCTAGAGGAAGAGCTAAAAGAGActtgaaggtccctccaacactgaaattctggaactctGGAATCCATAATTCAAGAGCAGATAATCATTACAAGATCTTTGATTACATTGTCAAAAATGACATACCCATCTTCAAGCATCTGTTTCTGACAATTAGCATGTTTTACCAACAATTAGGTCTGCTTTTGAAACATGACTACGAAAGGACTAATATTCTCTGGCAGTTTATGTTGCCCGGAGAAAGACAGTAATAACAACCAAATGAATTCATGTTGGCCTTGTTGGAAGGGTATGATCTCCTTCTTGTAATTTCAAGGGAAAGAGCCATCCAATTTTAAATTGAGGGATTTGGTTTGCAGATGAAGTTATTTATGTGGCCACTGACCACAGTTGTCCAGTTTATTACCATTTGTCTCTTTGGATTGCAGTAGGTTTGATGTAAATCATTAGTTAGAAAAGTAGAAACTAATCAAGCTTTCCTATAAGGAACACATTTTTGTTCTTTATTTTATAGTCCTTTATATATAGTCCTTGCATGTCAGATATTTGCAGTATGAATTTCACTACAAAAGTACAATACATTTAAGAGAATAATTTTGATATCCATTTTTACAGCACATTAGAAAACAGAATGATGCTTTTGTTATAAGCAGTGCTAATTAAAGCAGATACTTTCAAAGTTACTGTGGAAGAGTGAATCATCATCTCCAACGTAACATGCATTTATAGGGTTGATTTTTTATTGGATCAGCATAATAACAAAACTGTTGCCAAATTATATTACCTTCAAATAAATGCTTGTGTATTGGACTTTTTTCTTAATAAGCATACACAATTATTTAACATAATAAGCACATGTTATTTTAAAATGCAATTAGtatattttcattttattttatttatttaCATGTAG
>Human| chr6:92839325-92840824 | element 200377 | negative
GTGTGCCTTTGTCCCTTTCTCTAGCAGAGATCATAAGTTGATAGCCCTGTGGGCTCTATTTAGCCCACATATATATGGATATTATATATCTATATATAGATATTTGGTTTGGTTTGGTTTCAGTTTACAAGCTAATAGAAACattttataaaattaatttttataataCTCGAAGGAGAAGCGTATCTTCCCATCTGAACCTGCACCCTCAGGCAGCTACTAGCAGGGCATTTGCTTTGCATCATCACACATAGACTGCTGAGTATGCAGACTACACCTTATAGGAGCAAGTGAGGTTTAGGAAAGAAGAGAAATGTCAGAAGACAATCCTGTACCACATACATCTTCCCAAGTACTACCCTTATTATAAAATGAAGGCATCAGGGAAATATGTGTGTGAGTAGAGAAAAATCTCAGAACTACTATATGCTTCATTAAAAAAAAAAAAGAGGCTATGAAAGAAATACTGAGAACCTGTTCTATTCTGCCTTGAACTTTGTGACTCTTCAGAAGAAATGGGTCAAGAGAACATTGAAGCATGAAGGTTGGTTCCTAGAGTCTTAATGAAACTTCAAAAGAATGTCATGCATTCAGCCATACAGAGAAGCATCTTTTAGGAGCTAGCATGTCAGTATATTCAGCCCACTTAACTTTTTCTGCTATGTCTCTGGTGTCTGTTTCCACACCATGGCTGTCACACCAAGGCCGGTTACTGGAAGGGAGGGGCCCTTTCCCACTCTCCTGCCACTGAGAAGAAAGGAATCCACAGTCCTATTGACAAGGAAAGTTATGCCCTGGCTCCCTTGGGGGATTGGAACAGTATGAATTAATTTTTTTACAGGCATATTAATAAACATGGTAATTAGGTTCTCTGCAGTACTGATAAAGTATTCGACTTTCGTAAATTTGGAACAATTTACCAACTTGCAGACACTCTAGTGAGTTGTTAAAAAAAAGAGCAAAATCATCCCCTTATTTCATTAGGCAATCTTGATAGCTTAAAAGTAATTGAATATCTCATTGACCTTTATTATTGAAGACAGGTTGAATGTTTCTAGACATTTAAGGCACGTGCATAAACATAATAATTAAGACaaataaaatgatatttctattttattatcttattgtttattatgaatcttttatttaattaatatCAAACTATGTGTTGATGAATGATATAAAGGACATGATGACATTCTTTATCTTTGTGTTCTAGTCCAGATAATATCACCTAAAATTTAAGGCAATTTAAGATTATTTTACTTTTCTAAAAAGAAAGATATTCAATGGTTTTGTTCTTAGAAATAAATTGTGCTCTTCTTTCACAAAAGATCAGAGTTTTCTAGGAGATATCTAATAATCCTAGGCATACAGAGCATTGACGTTAAGAAACAAGATATGAAGCTATTCTTTCTGTAACAATTATCTTATTGTTTTTTTAAATACCCTCAAAATGCATAAGAGATCTGAAACTTCACTTATTAGTTTCCCACT
>Human| chr3:55047671-55049170 | element 200378 | negative
TACACTGTTTATCTGCTCCATTTCCTTAATGAAGGGGACTGTGGAAGCCCATTTCTGCTTGATTATCACAAAGGTATCATTTTGGTGAAGTTACACAAAGAGAACAGAGCTTGCTGGCACCCGGTTGTGAACAGGGGTGCATTCACAGAAACAAAAGAAGAGGAAGGCTTTTCAAATGGCAAATCTATTCAATCCCAATTGTCTGCACATAATTACTGTGAACCCAAGTCAGTTTTTCTCATCAGGGACATTTGTTGCTAAGGGAAAATTAAAGAAATTCAGTTGTGCGGACGCTCCCTTGGGTGCTTCATTGTGAGTGGGTGATAGGTCATGGTGACATCGGTGTAACTGGGATAGGAGGCACAGCAGTGTGGGCTCCAGGATGTGAGGGccaggctcgcatctggaccccatcactcactgcagtgtgaccttgggcacgtgtcttcgtttctgagctttagtttcttcatctgcaaaatgggacagtagcaagggcttgtttattctatggtgatgaagattctgcccatgctaagggcctggcacagggtttggcatgtagtaagtgcatagtgaaGATTGATGGTGAAGGTGGTGGTGGTTTACTGTGTGAGTTAATGATGATTGTGATGAGTCACTCTCTGTGGGACCCACGGCAGGCAGTGTCTGCTTCTGGAACCTCATTTTTCACTTCTTGTAAAAGAAGGAATCAGCCAAACTGAGCTCAGTGATCCTTGAATACCTACAGCTTTGTAAGATGTGAGTTCTGAATGCCTAAGAGTTAAAACAGTATCCAGTATggctaggcacagtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaagccaaggtgggcggatcactgaggccaggagttcgagactagcctggccaacatggtgcaacccccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaaaactagccaagcatgatggcgcgtgcctgtaatcccagctacttgggaggctaaggtaggagaatcgtttgaacccaggaggcggaggttgcagtgagccgagatcacagcactgtactccagactgggtgacagagtgagactctgtctccaacagcaacaacaacaacaaaaacaGTATCCGGTAGATTGCAAGCAGCCTCAGTTATTGGTTTGAAATTCCATAGATAAATAGTAGCAACTGCACATATATGTGGTGTTTTCCATAGCACTCTAGACAAAGTAAGTTCTAGCCATGTTATTTAAATTAAATGTGGCCATGGCTTTACACGATAATTCACGTTTCCCAAAAGCACATCAAGCAATTTCCAGCCAATAGTCGTGCTGCAAATAGACCCAACGGTTTATCACTATATCAGCATGGAGTGCCCTACAATTGTCAAAGGAAAAAGAATTTCATCTCCAGAAAGGATCAGAGCCAAATGAGTCTCACCATTGAGAGTATTGGACTCATTCCATTGTAACTGGGCCCAGACAATTAGAATTAGAGATGGTGCAATTATC
>Human| chr8:5001919-5003418 | element 200379 | negative
AAGCCCTTTTTGAGAGCTATTTTGGAGGACCACGTGATGTGATCATCTTCATTAAAAACTGATTGTGCAACAGGATCATTGTTTGGCATTCTGTATGTCCTAACTTAATTTCTCTAACAGCTTTATGAAATGGGAATGTCAGTCCCATGTTATGaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaCTTCAAACTCAAGAGAAAATAATAAATCTAGGATTCAAACTTCTGTCTCTCTGGTGGAAACCACTATTCTCTATCTCGCCAAAATGCTCACCTAAAAACAGTCTTCATCTGATGTAAGCTGACGCTAAAATTTGTCAGAACCAGACTTTAAAAATGACTGTGACTGCCGCTGATAGCAGCCCGGCTAAATGTCATGTGAATCTGTCCTCCTCCTGCAGCCTATGCTTACACCCATGAAGAATTTCTCCTGGTGAGAGTGGTGTACACACCAGCAAGCTGAACGAGCTTACCTCATTTGCTCACTATTCCCCTTGCACAGGATTTGTTTTTTTTTGAAGCGGTGTACTCTTATCACTCCTTAATCTTGTGAGTCTCTTCATTTATTGTACTGGGGTGGGAGGAAGCCTGCATACAAGCACAGACATATGGTTTTTATTTAATGAGCTAATGAAAAGAATGCATTTCAAGACATAGCACATATTACGGTGACTCAAATTGCTTATGCTATTTCATGTTTTTATAAGTTACCATCTAATTTGTCATTACAATTCAAAGTAACTTCATTTTCCCCTGTGGAGTACTGAAAATTACTGTAACTTATAATTTTATGGTAATTATAGTGAGAACTCCCATAATTAGTGTAGCAAGTTCACCGTTCTATTTATTTTTCCAAATGAGTCACACCCCTGGTAGGGGAAACTTGCTGTGTAGGTTTAAAGCTCCAGGTGCTATCTATAGGTGCATGGTATCTCATCATCATAACCTTTCTTCCTATTTCCCCTCTGAAATATTCTCCCCGACCAACTTGAGGAAAGATCTAAGTTTAAAATAGAATAATACTGAAAATTTAGTCTGCTTAGAACATATGCCATATTTACATGGAACGAAAAGAAGCTTACGGCACCCAAGGCCCTTGCATTTATTTGTTCTCAAGTTTTTGTGTGTAATATATACTTACTCAATAAACTGCTTCCATTCAGAGCACAAGAATTATCCGGTCGTCTACCTTCCATCCAAATGTGTGGCTGTAGTATCCACCAAAGCTCCTCAGTCATGAAATAGGACCTCTATCCTCCCGCTTACAGTTTTAATAACAGCTGTGGATTGGACTTTATTAGTGCTTCTAGTCCTCTCCAGCCCCGTGTTGATGCCTTGGTTCAGGTGCTCATTATTTCTGCTTTATTCAAAGTCTCCTTGAAAACAGGAGGACCTGCAGAGATAATCACTTCATTCTTCGTGCCCCAgacatacctgtacatagctttagaataacaacacctgagaacacgttggcaacaatatagagcaacagggactttccta
>Human| chr10:26931104-26932603 | element 200380 | negative
agtttagtgtgtaaaaatctgggaataatgcctgtaatttaaaagacaggttgttatgaggcttcaataaggtaagtgtgtaaaaatctggacacaatgcctttaattttgtaattgtacaatatatgAAGGTGGAGGATTATTTTTCTCTCCTTTTATTTTTAGAACAAGTTTATACAATTGGCATTATTCCTATTTTTAAGATAATCAAAGGACCAACAAGTTGAAATAAATCACCATACTCACAAAGCAGTTCACAATATATTTACTGGGTAATTGCTACTTAAAAGTAGCAATGATGATCACATTGAAAATCTTGTATTACGTGGTGGTTTTCTCTTCCACGAGCCTCTTCATTTGTGGAAACCATAGAGTCTAAGTTGCTCTATAAAAGTGTTCATTAGAAAAATGTGATGCACTTAGTGTATAAATTTTAGAAAATTTCCACTGTTAGTCTTGTTAATTTGATTGAATATGTGCGTTTTGGATTATGAATGTGAATATGTATTGATATATGAAATAAGACTTGACATCATACAGTAATCTCAGCTCATGGCAATGTTTTCTTCTGAAAACACCTGCTGAAATCTGTATTATTTCTAGTTTCCAAAAAAAATCAGTCACAACGGGGCCAAGGGGATGTTTGAATGTCAGATACTGCATGAGGCACATTAGTGTACAGTAATTTGCGCATAATTCATATTCATAATTCACAGTGAGGAAATCTGAAAGTTGCTACCAGCTACTAATAAATGGAAGGTGGGGCGGGCTGCTGTGGGGATGGGGCCGCTGTGGGGGCGGGGCTGCCGTGGGGGCGGGGTCGCTGTGGGGGCGGGGCCTTGTGAGCCAGTGCTTGGACTTCCACGTCATAAACGGAAGGGCGGTGCGTGGAGGGAACTCAAGGCCTGATTGGTTCCTCCTAAGCAGGATGCGATCTGGTTGGCAGGGCAACCGGCCTTCAGTTAGTGCCTTCAGTGGGTGCTTTCAGTTGGTGGCATTCGGTTGCCTTTCCTGAGGAGAGGTGGCAGGTGCTCAGCTCTGCAGGTGTCGGGGCAAGGAAGGACCAAGCGACCTGAGAAGAGCAGAGGTGCCCCATGGGGACCACGCTGACTTGTCGCATGTGCACCAAGGCCAGCCCCACTCAGGGCCCTCACAGGGCTTCTGCAGAGCCGTCCTGAGGCTCTGACATCTATGAGTCGGCGGCCAGCAGAGGCGCAGACCCCAGCACAGAGGAGCAGAGGCACCCGGAACAAGCTGTCCCTTAATGCCACCCCAAGCGGGGCCAGCTCAGGATGCGGTGTTTGGAGCAGTCCTGCAGCTCTGCGATCCACGAGGTGGTGGTGGGAGTAGCGCCAGAGTCCACTGCTTTGGAGCCTGCCCCGTCTGATTCAGGAGTCATGACGACCAGAAGACGCCAAAAGGTAGGGAGACTACAGATACCGCTTGGCCTTAGGAGCTCCTTTGGCAGTTGCTCACCCATGGTTCCCCCCAGAGGCACCC
>Human| chr15:73814997-73816496 | element 200381 | negative
ataccacaaattgtttatccaatacatattcatggacattagagtttcttctagtttttattaagaataaaacggttataaacattagtattcaagttttgtgtggacatattttcatttcccctaagtaagtacataagagttaaattgctcagtaatattgttggtatattcttaactatgtaagaaaccaccagactgttttccaaagtggttgtaccattgtacacaccaatcagcaatgcatgagtgttctgtttgcttcatatcctcagcaagacttgctattgtcagtctctttaattttagccattctgctgggtattggtggtatgtcatgattttaattgatgtttctctgatgaattatgttgagtatcttttaatgtgtttattggccattagtattatcttcctttgtgaagtgtctgttgaaatattttgcctattgagttgtctataagaggttatatatatatttatgtatatattctgaattcaagtccttcatcagatatgtgataaaagaaaaacttcagccgaattaaatttaaaggagtttaattgagcaatgaatgattcatgaatcaggcagcccctagaatcacagcagattcagagactccagcacagccacatgatggaagaagatttatagaccaaaaaaaaaaagggggaaatgaggtacagaaattggaagtgaggtacagaacagctggaatggttacagttcagcctgtgccttattggaacacagtttgaacacacagcagtgaatgaatggttgaagtctggccgctgggactggccaagacttagctattgttacaggtgcatactactaagttaggttttcagttttgtctgcctatgaagctaggttacagttcatccacaaggacacaaatgtagaagtatggagtccttctcaggccatatttagtttgctttaacgtatatatgttgtgaatactttttcttaatctgtggcttgctttttcattttcttaacgttgcctttggaagagctgatactttaaattttatgaagtctgatttatgaaatgtttcttttatggttcatactttttgtgtcctctgtttctaccccagggtggcaaagattctctcctatgttttattttagaaattttatagtttcagctagtacatttaggtctatgatttatttttagttaatctttgtgtatgatgtgaggtaagggtcaaggtccccttcttcccaactatggataatttgattgtcccagcaccattttttgaagagattgtacttccttcattgaattattgtggcacttttattgaaatcaattgaccTTGTAcaaggggtcttcaaaaagttcatagaaagtatattgtgaaaaatctatacaaggatttcattttttttgcaccaaaataaacatctactaacttgttataacatgtctgaacaggatctaatttgaggcactaagaaagaggagacatcagttt
>Human| chr5:59754345-59755844 | element 200382 | negative
GTTAAAGTTTTTTCAAGACATAAGTCAGCATAGTCGCTAAGAAATTCTCCCTTGGGCTTGATAGAAGAGAATTAAAATATATCTGGACTTCATCAAGTCTGGTTTTTTAGTCTGTCATGGGAGGCTGGAGTCACTAGGGATAAATTAAATTATTAAGAATGAAAGTTTCCAATAGTGTAAAGGAGAGACGTGGTAGTGAGCAGCACATCAAGATAATGAGTGAGCACACGCACCACACCCGGACTCATGGATACTTATGCTGCAATCCATAAGTGCACCTCCTCAATATGCCACCTCTGAAAACCAAAAATGTAACAAGCAAATATCAGAATAGTCATTCCTGCTCAGTGGAGTCCCTAGCGACAGTCAAATAAAAGAAGACGAGCTTCTTTGAAGCTCGAAAACAAAGAGCACCTTTCCAGTGGACAACTAACTAAAGTGGTGTGATTTTGGTATAAGTTtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgttgtgtgtgtgtgtatgtgtATACATTTAGTTTTATTGTAACAAAGCAACTTGTACTTTTCACGTTTAAAACTGAGCATCATCTTTCCTTTACAGTGAAACAAAAAGAAAACTTAAAAATAAGCAGGAACAAAATTACAATAGAGAAAGTCAATTCCAAATAAGATCCTACAGGTTCTTCTGATTCTCCCTTTGAGTGGCAGGGCTCAAGTCATCATTAGGAGATAATTTATTTTAAAAGTGTCATCTTAAACTACAAAGATGCCTGTTAAATATCACAATAAACATGCCAAAGGAGAAGCCATGTTGTCAAAATGCCCACTTAACCTACCCAAACATCTCAGATCCACCCTTTGCTGACCTTCTATAATCCCATTTTGTTTTTTAGTTTTTTTCTTTTTTTAAACAAGAGAAAATAGACAGATACATGTTGGTAAATGCTAACTGTCCATATTCACATAGAGACACCGTGTACTCTCTAAGCCCAAGATACAGAGAAAGGAGGGAAAAAGCTAGAATTCTATGCACTACTACACAGGGGCCTAGCACCCTCCAGCTTCCAGCAGAATGAAAGGAGCAGGTTTTTCTTTTTTCCCACAGAGCTCGGTGGTGTTGATTCCATACAGTTTTTGTTCAGACAGAAAGGGATAAAAATGAATTTCAAACAGAAAGGCGTAGAGACACTTTTCCCATTGTATTCTGCAATAAGTTGAGAACCATGGTGTAGAGCAAAGAGACCTCAACAACAGGGCAACAGAGCACAAGAGGAAAAAGAAAAGACTGGAACTTGCTCCCAGGGACTGGAGAAAAATTTTTAAACAGGAAAGTTGGAACCTATCAGTGTTCTAGTAAtcttttccttcatccttctctccttcctccccttcatcatcatcttcatcttcaccttcatcttcattgtcttcttcattagtatctttttatccttcctcctcttcatcatcatcatcatcttcttctcattctgcttcttcATCATCCATATCGGGAACCAAGT
>Human| chr1:189814760-189816259 | element 200383 | negative
TGTGGTGTTATGCAAAATTTTTGACTATTTGTGTAGCGTTCTGAACTCTATACATTTACAACATGAAAAATGTAGAACTGCTTTAAATTGGATTGAAGATCATTTTGTTTTAAAGTATAGTGtatttaaaataatatttttatttatagtaaactattaaattatctaaaatcaaaaattaaaaatCATCTGGTTAATACATTTTAAGGGATTAGCTAGACTTCTATGACTCTTTGCTCACAGGATGAAATCAAATATATATAAATACAAAGAAAGAATACTTGGCATTAAGAAATGAGTAAGCATTTAAAAATGGGATTAAAAAGCATAGACATGGAGAAAAATAAAAATTAAGGTAGAGAAATGTAAGGTAGATACGGGCACTGAGAAGTAAGTATTATCTATAATTGTGTGAAAGACTATTTACCCTGATTTGAAATGGGAAAATCCACCCTAAAATGTCCTGAAAGTTTCTCAGTAACTGGGCTCCGTATCTTAAATGGCTTCAAAAAGTCGATGAGAGCATAACTGAAGACACGGCAAATAATAAAAGACTGTAATAAATTAGTGGAGCAAGGTTTTCTTCAAAATTACAAAGTCAATCATGTGAAAATATTATCCCAAAGTATTTGTTATTGGTTGCTATTATGGCATCCAGTATTTCATTGCTTTCAGACTTCTTTATTTTTTCTGAATCTGATCTTCAAACACTATCTTCTTCAAGTTCAGTGTGGCTACCTAAAAATGTTCCCATCTTGCTCTGAGAAGTAAGGCTCTAGGGAAAAATTCACTGGAATGTCAGCCACAGTATGCAAAAGTGGATGAAGAAATACAGAATGAAGAAAAGGACATGAAATTAGTCTCTAGAAATGTATGAATTAAATTGGATTAATCACAATATATACTATATAAAAAAGTATGCAGTACATAAATACACAGATACAAAATATAGGCATCATTTTTGAAGTTATGTTATAATATATTGAGGCTATTTTATTAGAAAACGAACTTTATGCTAACTGTATAAAGGAAAAAAGAATAATTGCAGAAGAAATAATTTATAATTTGCTTTTCCTTGGttttatttaaaaattaaattaattaaattataagtatattgtttccatataatttataataaataaGGCATATAggccaggcacggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggcagaggtgggtgaacgcctgaggtcaggcgttcaagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaacctcgtctctacaaaaaatacaaaaatcagctgggcatggtgtcagatgcctgtaatcccaggtacttgggaggctgaggcaggagaatctcttgaacccaggaggcagaggttgcagtgagccgagatcatgccattgcactcctgcctgggggacaagagcgagacttcgtctcaaaaacaaaacaaaacaaaacaaaaacaaaaaaaaacacaaagaaacaaaaAACCATTTAAAGCA
>Human| chr1:2835749-2837248 | element 200384 | negative
CATCACGCAGGCGGGGCAGCCTCAGAGAGGCAGAACCAGCGGGAGAGCCGGCTTCCCTGCAGCTGGGCAGGCCCGTGGCCAGGGACAGCCCTTGCTGTCTCCGGGGTCACCTGGTGCCTGTTTCCCTGCACCGTCTCCTCTGCTTCATTGCCCGGAACCATGGAAATCCAGGGCTGCTTTTAACACGGGTTCCTGAGCTCACCTCCTCGGAGCTTTCACACAGGAGCTGCTCAATTATTCACTGCCTCACGGCCCTGGGATGAGAGGCAGTGGACCAGGGCCCGGTCAGGAGAGGGCTTTCTGATGCTGGCTTATTAATTTTTAAACTCTGCCACTTTGGTGGCCAGCCCCGAGTTCTGCCCCTTTGAAGCCACCAGGTAGGTGATGACAAAGTGAGTTTGGTTTTTGAGTCTTTGTTTGTGACCGAGGATGGTTCAGGAGCGTCCTTGGACAGCAGGAGTCAGGCTCCTGGGTCAGCCAGAGTGGGGATCCATCCAGGCCGGGCGGACAGGGCAGGGAGTGTCCTGCCGGGATGATCACGTGTGTGCCCTGTCCCCTGGAGGCCAGGCGGGAACAGGCAGAGTAAGGAGTTGTCAGTTCACAGCTGGGGAAACTGAGTCAAGCCCAGACAGAGTTCTCTCCTCCAAGTGGCTTTCTTTAAAAAGTCCCCTGGGTGTCCGGGAGGGAGGTCTTTGCAGCGGCCCGTCCTGTCCCTGGAGGTCCCTCCCCAGCACCCTTGACCACAGGCCTGACCCTCCCTCAGGCAGGGAGGCTGCTGTTGTGAGGCCTTTCTACAGCACCGTGAAGTCCCGTGCGCAGACGGAGGCCAAAGCCCTCGGGACGGCGGCGGCACCAGGCCCAGACCATTCTCATTACGGCCAGCTGGACCCCTGCGAGCCGTGCGAAATCAGAACAGTAACAACATCATTTATTTCAGCAGCACTGGGGAGAAACAGCTTTACAACGGTGTTTTACGTGCTACATGTGCACCATAAATATTTCCATAAAAACATGCATTAAAATATAAAAGTGGGCTTCAAAATATCAAAAGTCAGGGAGGGGAACCCACAGTGAAGGCCACGTTATGGCCGGGCTCAGCCCAGCAGCTGCGGTGGGGGCTTCCCTGTGGGTGGGGGGCGCGGGAGCAGCACCTCTCCCCTCCGCTCACTGCAGATGGGGGCAGGGAGAGCCGCTGGGGGGCACAGGACCCCTGCCCACCCAGCCTGGGCTCTTCCGAGAGGCTGTGTTCAGTGGCGAGGCTGTGCCCAGCCCCATGCCCACCCGTGGGGAACCGTGCTCAGGACCTGGGGAGGAGGACCCTGAGCTCCCAGAGCCCACTGGCTGAGGTCCTGTCAGGCTCATGGGGCTTCCAGCGGCAGCTCCCCCAGTCCAGTCATCTCCAGCCAAGCCCTAATATCGTGGAGCGCCCATGTGGCAGGGCTCAGGGGTCCCCCAGGCCCCGTTTGTTTACTCAGGCTCCTGCCTCAGAGCCTGGGGTCC
>Human| chr7:5055999-5057498 | element 200385 | negative
tttcccgggaggtgtttatccaagtgcagtaggaggtattggtgactgcacagtcccctcagtgttctgctagtgaatagttgaaggttgatcagtgatcTCCTGCATTttcagtctggcatggaaaagcccccgtgtaactggtgaagatatcagtgagcaccaggaggtatctaaatcctccaggagccataggcatcacgttgatgtccgtttgccagtcttcCCTGGCAAGGTTCTTCTGAATTGTACTGCCTTGGCTAAAAGAGGTATGGGAGGggctgggcacagtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcattttgggagaccaattcgggtggatcattagaggtcaggggttcaagaccatcctgaccaacatggtgacatcccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaagttagctgggtttggtgctgggtgcctgtaatcccagctactcaggaggttgaggcaggataatcgcttgaacctgggaggaggaggtggcagtgagctgagattgtgccattgcactccagcttgggcaacaaaagcgaaacttcatctcaaaaaacaaaaaaagaaGTccgggcgcggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttggtaggccaaggcgggtggatcatgaggtcaggagttcaagaccagcctggcctagatggtgaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaatattagctgggcatggtggcatgcacctgtaatctcagctactcagaagtctgatgcaggagaattgctaaaacccgggagggagaggttgcagtgagctgagatcgtgccactgtactctagcctgggtgacagagcaagactccatctcgaaagagagaaagaaaaaagaaaTTCCTCAGGGAAGTACCTCGGCTTATTTCGTAAAGAGGTACTGAAGGAAGCAGAGGCACGTGGAGGACTTCCCCACCTCGTGCAGCTATTTGGGCCGTGGCGTCTGAAATTTATTATTTCACAGTCACCCCTTTGATGACGTTGGCAGTGGACTGCAGTCATCTGTTTAGGCCTTTCCATGGCCCACATCAGTGCCAGTATTTCTGTTTGTTGCACATTTGATTTCCTTGTtgttggcatttagaaggccccctgttttccagatcgcatcatgggcatggaccacagagattgcgtcttgtgagtctgcagaaacagtcaaggccttgtactctcttaggcccagggctcaggttaatgcagattttcccagccgtctgtgctgaagtccctgcggggaggctcctggctggTTTCCCGTAGGTTGTCAACTACACGTGCTGCCCTTCATTGGCCTCTTTTCGTGAAGCTCCTGCCTCCCACAAACGATGTCTCCCTTTCTTCTTGAACCACATCTCTGTTATTGAAACTCTAGAAGTCggctgggtgtggtggatcatgtctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcggggggatcacctgaggtcgggaa
>Human| chr8:112014562-112016061 | element 200386 | negative
TTTGTTGGTTTACTTTTTCAATCTATTTATACAGTGGGGTTAAATTGTATCTGCTAAATAGTTTTGGTTCAAAAATAGTATAACCCATGGGAGTACGTTTTAAAAGATCAGGATCTTgtgctgtacttattggctgtccacatgcaaaaaattaatcggatcttatgccttttgccaaaacaggctcaaaatagatcacacacctaaatgtaaaacacaaaactataggactcttagaagatagcatagcagaaaaacttagatgaccttagatatggtaatgacttcttagatactacatcaaaagcatgattcatgaaaaaataattcataagctggatttcattaaaattaaacatgtctgctctgcaaaagacaatgtcaagagaacaagaagacattatagactgggaaaaagtagttgcaaaagaaatatataataaaggactgttatctaaaagataccaagagttttcaaaactcaacaataagaaaacaaaaacacttgattaaaaaacgggccttgacagacatattatcgaaaatacataaaggtagcaaataaacatatgaaataattcccaccttatgtcataataaagggaaataaaagttaaaacaaccatgagatattgcttcattcctattagaacaaccaaaatctagaacacagacaccacaacattctagcaaggatgtggaacaaaagcatcacttattgctggtcgcaatgtaaaatggctcagtcacttttgaagagattggtagttttttataaaaataaacatactcttagcattcagtccaccaagtgtgctctatggtgtctactcaaaggagttgcaaacttatgttcacacaaaacctgcacatggatatttatagtagttttattcataattgccctaacatgaaggcaacaaagatacacttaggagatgaatggatacataaaatacggtacttctagaatatgaactattactattcagtgctaaaaagaaatgagttctcaagccattgaaggactttaaatgcatgttactaaatgaaagaagccaatctgaaaagagtacataccttataccagctatatgacattctggaatagataaagctatggaaagagcaaaaagataaatgattactaggagttggcagtgggcaggtaggaggggagatgatgaatagttggtacacagagtattttaaggtcaatgaaagtgctttgtgtgatactatagtggtggatacatgtcagggtaaattgtccaaactcacagaatgtacatcaacagcaaacccaaatgtaaatgataaacttttggtgattttgtgtcaatgttgattcatcaactgtaatgaatataccactctagttgggggatgttgataatgggggaaggaatgcacgtgttgggtagagggtatatgggaaatctcggtaccttctcaagttcgctttgaaactaaacctgttctaaaaaaCCCATTAATTCT
>Human| chr5:2878389-2879888 | element 200387 | negative
GGAAATTTCATAACAAACAAGTATATGCCAGGAAAAAAAATGCATTAAATTCTATGAAAATGTGTCAAATCCTCATAAAAAAAAACTTATACCATAGTGAATATTACAGGACATTTTTCAGAGTAAATAGCAATTATACTAATTGAGATATACGTAACAATCACAGCCAAAGAAGTTTTTTTAAGTGCAATGAGATCTAGGGTTGTGGTTGGACCACAGAGGAGCAAACCCATTTTAATACCAAATAGTGTCAGGGGGTGGCAAGCTGAAGAAAAAATCACGTTTATAAGCCATTTCCAGCACCTTGAATTGGGTTCCTTGCCAAGTACTGACTTCTGGCAGGGATGGGGAGTGAGGCCACCAGAGGAGGAAGCCAGGGCTGGTGACAATGCAGAGAGCTTAGAGCTTAGGACCCTGGATCTCTGTGAGGAGCCTCTGGGAATTAGAGGGGATGTTGTCCCTCAGATTAAGTAGTTATCCGATTTGTGAAGAATTGTTGGAGACCTTAACTCTTATTAAGAGTTAAATATTTTTCCAGATAACTTCCACTTGTCCCTCCCTACTTTTTCCTTAGCAGATACCTGGCACCATAAAAATAAGTAATAATCCAAAGGAAACAAAAAGGAAATTGGCTCAAAGATTGGGAAAATAAAGAAGAAAAGCAACAAAAGCAAAAAAGTAAATAAATAACATACACAAAAAGAGTACCAAAAGAGTTTAGACACTTAGTTCACCGTAATCTCAAAGAAATTACAGAGAATATTAGCAATCTAAAAATAAGCTCAAGTAATACATATAAATATTGAAAATGGAGGCTATATGATCCCAGAAGAAAGAAATAAGTGATTTGGCAGGTTCTAGAGATAAATTTAAGAGAGAAATATACACATTTATAGGAATTAAAGGCATATTATAAATAAACCGAGAAAAAACTAAAACAAATACAACTAAAAATAAAAGGATATGGCAAATAAGCTTTAGAAAGGCATATCGTATTAACTGTGTGGTGAACGTCTGTCATTAGGTTTAGCTCCCCCAACATATGAACCTCTTTCTGTGTTTGGACAATATACTTCACCATATGCTAGATTGCTTGCCCACATTCCATTCAAAGAAGAAAAAGAGTATATGACTTGCCAATAGGCACACACTGAGAATGAATTTGGTTTCAGGAAaagaaaggattagtgcattcaaatgcaggtcagtataaagttttcaaaccaacagagagggagagagagagaaagaaagggaaagggagagagagagaaagaaagggaaagagagggagagagaaacagagaggaaagaaatgcatatataggctatggtcaaataataccatatgagtaaagttgtgtccagaagaaaaggaaagaaagaatggagaggagcaatatttgaagagataataattgagcattttccaaaactgataaaagaagatgtccacctactgattctagaagctcagtgaactcaaaacaactaaaacac
>Human| chr9:114072816-114074315 | element 200388 | negative
ggaaggcagaggtggatctcttgagcccgaggggtcaaggctgcagtgagccgagattgcaccactgcactccagcctgaccaccagagtgagaccctgtctcaaaaacaaaacaaaacaaaaaaacaaaaactgcatatctggggtatgtcttgcatgtaatacaagttttccatgtattacctttttttatacatgattggattTCGTTACTTGTTTAATTCTGATTTTAAAACTttttttgttgaggtaaaatatacatatataagttttcacttttaccattttcaagtgtacagttctgtggtaATAGTAAATAAATACAAGTATATTCTTTTTCTTtcccttcatccctccctccctcctccccctctcagcctctagtaaccaccagtctattctctatcttcacgaaatactgagaacatgcgatatttgtctttccatgcttggattatatcacttaacatatggcctccaattccatccatattgttgcaaatcataggatttcattcatttttatggctgaataatattccattgaatataggtaccacattttctttatcattcatccactgatggacacttagattgattccatagcttggctattgtgattagtgctgcaataaacatgggagtgcagatatctctttgacatactgatttcctttcttgtgggtatatacccagcagtgggattgctggatcataggataattctatttgtggttttttgaggaacctctatactgttctccatagtggctgtactcattgacattcccaccaacagtgtatgagggttctcctctctccatattctcaccagcatctgttattgtctgccttttgtatataaaccattttatctgcatgtttatcacattgtggttttgatttgcatttctctgatgattagtaatgttgagtatcttttcatacacctgttggacatttctacatcttcttctgagaaatgtctgttcagttccttgggctttttgttaatcagattacttggttttttgctattgagtttttggagctccttatatattctggctattgatcccttgtcagatgggtagtttgtaaatattttctcccattctgtgggttgtctcttcactttgctgattgtttcttttgctgtgcagagctttttaactcgatgtaatcaagctaatttgtctatttttgctttggttgcctatggttttgaggtcttacacataaaaaatttgcccaaatgtcctggagcatttccccaatgttttcttctagtagtttcacagttttaggtcttagatttacatctttaatccatttttgtttcatttttgtgcatggtgagagataggagtctagtttcatttgtctgcatatggatgtcccattttcccagccccatttattgaagagactatcctttcccattggatgttcttggcccctttgtcaagaataagtgaattgtaaatgtgtgtttgt
>Human| chr8:129430475-129431974 | element 200389 | negative
cctcatctctactaaaaatacaaaaaaattagccgagcatggtggcaggtgcctgtaatcccagctacttgggattgggaggctgaggcaggataattgcttgagcccaggagatggaggttgcagtgagctgagatcacatcactgcactccagcctgagtgacagagggagactccttctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGAGTGCAAGCAAATAGGCCACAATGGGAATGAACAAAGCAGGAGGACTGATGAGTTCATAATGGATCCTCTCTTTGGTAAGTGAAATGGCACCTGCTCCTCTTTGAACATCACTGGAGCAGATTACTTTTCTTTCCCTCTGTGCATTGTTGAAATCAGGGTTTCTTGATTTAAAAAAAAAAAACAAAAAACAGTTTTGATCCAAACTTTTGAGGGTTAGAATgaaaagaatgttttaggcagaggaaagtataggcagaggagtgcaagtaagtggaaggatgaattcaggatcatcaaatggcttgtgtggctagaagttctgaacagggagaggaaatagttggggtgagtcgggatgggagatggtaatgggaatgggcaagggcttggttttgaaagatgtggactgacacattagggatcatggacattattctttggacaataaaacagtattacatgattttaagaatgagagtgatatgattcagttcatattctggaaaattcattcttactaaaattttgagaatggaattaaaggagataatattggacatagaattaattttggaactattTTGATAGAGGAATATGACATCAATGATGATGacagcatgtcagacactgctaatcatttccggtacattatgtgggttaattctcatcacaactctgagatagagaatataattttccctgttttatgaatgaagacatagaggtcacacaaaggcgaagaggctgaactgagattccacttcagtaggtCAAACTGTAGAGGTTGAATGTATTCTGGAGTTCAAAACACACCGCCTGAAAAAAGCCAGTTCTGTAGCTCATAGATTGCTAGATCAGAAAAGCACCTATTCATTGTATTATTTTGTTTCATCTGTTGACTCTTTCCAACTTTGATTAGCTTAAAATATATCATTTTTTTTTGCAAGGAAATTGTCGATATAAGTGAGGTAACTGACTTGACACTGAAACTTCTCTTATGCATCCCTGGGAGGTTTCCTGTGGAGTTGCAAAGAAGAAGATGAAAATTTAATCCAGTAAAGATTTTCAAATGAAGGGGATTCTTCCTCATATTTATAGAGACTTATGGAAAGTATTGTCCCAGAAGTGTTCTGAAATCCTTGAAGTCAAATGTAAGTCAAACAAATTATACTTAATAGTAGGGCTGATATTCTGCAAATATAGGAAATTTGGTCTGTTTTCCATTTCCATAAAAAAATAAATTAGTGCCCAGTGCTATCACTATTGGCTAAAAATAAGTTTCCTGAATGTT
>Human| chr13:90237639-90239138 | element 200390 | negative
AATATAATAATTATTATCCAAAAGTTTTTTATGTTAGTTAGAAAAAAAGACAATTCAATGACAATCTTTTCTTAAAATATACAGTAAAATTTTAATGGGGTTTGGAGCTTAAGGATTACATGTTAGGTAATATTTTATTTAACTTTTTTAAAAAGAAAAAGGAACAGAAAATTTATTCAAGAATATCTTAGCTTTACCAACACTGAGGCACATCCTTTCATAGACATTAACACACAGATTTTGAGGCTACAAAATTAGAGCTGATGACTCAAATATCCCAGTTAAAGATATGCATTTCAGAACTGTTAGAATTTAGAATTTACtactttcaccaagtaataaaattcctattgatcaaaacctgcacccttgtggagagttgtttgttacctgccacacaaatgaGTTTAAATGCATGATACTGAAAAAGCATAGAGGCAATTATAATAAATAAAAGAGAGAGAAAATGCCATGTAAAGACAGCCACAGAAGgaagacggaggcagagattgtaattatgttgccacaagccaagggatgccTGGCACACCTCAACATTTAGAGATGATGATGCTGAAGAGAAAATAGTAGCCAGGAAGTTaccaagaaagccttaagtttcgccttacacattctaaacccaagaaatgcatctcctgactccaggctctaacttctcttttcacagagaatttgctttcaaaagcttgtaaattctttctctgtcaacttaatacgttaacattttttttaaaagcttcttgccagttttacaacccagaaatgtttttctcaaggacgtgggaggcattatttcgaaaggccaaagcactctcaaggaaggtaatgtccctgtctcccagcctctgtgagaggatgagaacctaacttaagtggacaccttgctccaagttgtaaactacttcttttcctgaagagttgagaaagtctccttttcctttaggtgaggccctttagcaaacacaggttctccatgacctctGCCCCCCAACTCCACTCATAAACACTCCAAGACccttttgttcagtggagttgcactcagacctagctacagactcttttctattgcagtagccatgggcaaagtcatccttgcctgtttTTAAAAtggattttaaaaagacagtggttttactacacacgtatgaagaactaaaatgaagcaaagggattaatgtatatgtaataatatgattataatgatttaccatggaatgtaaagtatgagtactcatcatgggttaataaacagtgaaaataataggataaaatggattgaagaacttaacagaagtcaaaagattgatgaagttgaggtattaaaaggaggagatggtaaacggagattgagaagtgtacaatttaaaactatggaggggAggctgggagtggtgtctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgagacaggtggatcacttggtcaggagatcgagaccatcccggctaacacg
>Human| chr1:153265789-153267288 | element 200391 | negative
TGCAGCCCTCGGGGAGTCCAAGCCGGCAGGGAGAAGGCACGCGGGCAGCAAAGAGGCACTACGAGGCCGGGGCCGAGTCCATGGGCGCTTGCGGTGGGAGACGCCATTTCTAGTTTGGAGAAGCAGGTTCTGGAAGAGCAAGCCTTTGAAAAGCAGCTAAAAAAAAAAAAGTGGGATTGGAGAGGTCAAGAGAGGGGAAGTTGTGCAGGCAAAGGCAGGAACATGTGAAAGCCCAGCGTGTGAGACTGCAAGTGACCCGCACGGGCTTGTTCTGTGGGAAAGAGATTATGGAGGCCCTAACCGACATACTCGTGTGTTGTTAGTTGACTCAGTGGGGAAGGAGAGGCCATACCATGATTTTAGCAGAGGGGTGATAGGAATCATGCCGTGCCTCAACCTCAGAACCTGGGTGCTCCTTCCTCTACTTAACTCATGGGGCGACTTGAACAGGTCATCTACCTCCTTCCGGTTCAGTGTTCCGTGAAACAGGAGGCTTTAACCAGATTGATATTCACTATGCTGGAACCAAAGAAAACTTTGGAGTCTTTTTTTCCCAGCTTATAATCATGGACAACCACTGAGTCGATGAGCTCTGGGCCCTTCCCACCCTGACAATGCCGGGGGCCATGAAGGGGCTGTGCCCCCTCCTTCACCGTGGGCTGCTTCAAACCTGCCCCACCCACTTGCAGGCCTGCCTGGCTCCTCCCTGCTCATCACCAGGTCTGGGCACAATCTGCACCAATTTTCCCCAGGCAGCTGCGGTTGATGCCCACGAAGGCACATCCTTCCTGCCACAGTCAAACAGGAGTAACAGACAGCAACAATCACACGCCTCACCCGATGCCAGTGGAATGGTTCTTCAAtgctgagcacgagttctcagacccttacacctgatcattcatttaaccctggcgataatcctctgaggggggtgttagtattgcccctcactctaaatgattaaggggaagctgggAAGAATTTCTCTATAAAAGAACACAGGAGAAGCAAACTGCCTGGAATAAGCTGCCTTGAATTTGCCTTGGAAGAGCGTTTGCTggctgggcacagtggctcacgctgtaaccccagcactttgggaggccgaggcaggtggatcacaaggtcaagagatcaagaccatcctggccaacatagtgaaacctcgtctctactagaaatacaaaaattagccaggcgtggtggcaggcgcctatagtcccagctactcaggaggctgagacaggagaattgcttgaacccaggaggtggaggttgcagtgagccgagatagtgccactgcactacagcctgggcaacagagcaagactgtgtctcaagaaaaCaggaaggaaggaaggaaggaaggGGCATTTGCCGGTTGAGTGCTCTGATTTTACTTAGTATGTTTAAGATCAATAAAAGTAGATAATTTGGGAAAAACAATAATCCAGACCATGCAGTAttttttcttgagacagagtcttgctctgccgc
>Human| chr3:59474691-59476190 | element 200392 | negative
CCCTGTCTTTCTCCTGGTCCTCTGTCACTTTGTTCTGGTTTCTTCTTTACTGACAGTCATAGTCAACCTCAATGAAATTTCCATGACCAACAGAGGAAGGCCTCCTGTAACAGCATATCCATGGGGTCTTTAGTAAATCTCCTTAATAAATGTGTCCCTAGGAGGGAACCTGGAGGCAGTCTCCTTTCCCAATACTCGAAGAcaggggtcagcaattttttctggttaagagccagatagaaattttaggctttgtaggctaagaaacaaaatggatgatattttgtagattcttgtatgacaagagatagaactaacttccacaaattttttctagaatttaaaaaagtaaaatctactcttagctcatgggccatatgaaaacagccagatttggcctgtggattgtagttggacaatctctgCTTAAGGAGAAAAGCAGACATACTGTCCCAGGGCTGCATTATGTTGAGTTTCACTGTGAAtatatgtatatgtatattaatatatgattatatgtgtgtttatgtgtgtatatatCCTTAGAGGGCATACCCCCAATACATACCCTGAGGTTCCCTGGACAACGTCAAATCTCATTGACCTTGCCTTCAACCAAGGACGTGTGGCTCCTTTTCCCTGGAGATGTAGGGACAGTACGGGGTGCGCTGGCTTCTATGCTTGTGTCTTGGCAGCCCTTCTGTAGAAAGTTGGAAAGGGCTATACCTTTCACCTTGGCCACAGGAGACGTATTCTCTCACCTGACCTTGGTCAGGTGTAGCTTGTTAGGTGGGCAGTCTTGCTGGGTATTTGCCATCTGTCATTGAGTCTCTCTCACCTTCTCTACTTAGAGGTCCCTGAAGGAGGCCTTTATGCCCATCCAGTCTTTCAACTCTCCTCAGAGACACATCACTTATCCAAAACCCCACTAGATTTGACTGTCAGATTTTCAGGTATCAATAAAACTTTGTGTTGGGAATATTATTGTATGGGTGAGACCATGAAGGCAGTTAGGGTTAGGCCGACTGAGAGTGCTGTTTTTCTATATGTATGGGCATGAGGCCTTGTTTTTCACTGAAGGGGGTGGTAATTATAATAGAGGTTTAAGAACTGCCTGACCATTTAACACTGAGTTGTTGGGTTATACCTTAAACTGTATTTTGACTGTAACATGTGGGCTTTCTTCTATGGAAAGTTCTTCCCAtttttttaacttttaagttcaggggtacaagtacaggtttgttacataggtaaacgtgtgtcatggaggttttttgtacagattatttcaacatgcaggtgttaagctgagtacccattagttatttttcctaatcctctccctcctccaaccctccaccctccaaaagaccccagcatgtgttgttcctctctatgtgtctatgtgttctcatcagttagctcccacctgtaagtgagaacatgcagtatttggttttctgttcctgtggtagtttcctaaggataatggcctcc
>Human| chr13:92510648-92512147 | element 200393 | negative
atgcttttttagcaccaattgaaatgatcatgcggtttttgtccttcattctattgatatgatgcatcgcattaattgatttgcatatgtttaactatccttgcatccttgggataaatcccacttggtcatgatgaatgatctttctaatgtgttgttgaatgcagtttgctagtatgttgctgagcatttttgcgtcaatgttcaccagggatatttccctgtagttttattcatgtgtctttggttttggtatcagagtaataatggccttgtagaacgagtttggaaatactccctcctcctctatttttcacagtagtttgagtaggattggtattagttctttttaaaatatttggtaaaattcaggagtaaaaccattaggtcctggatttttctttcctgggaaactttttattatgtttccatctcattacttcttggtctttacaggttttggatttcttcatcgttcattcttgctaggttgtatgtgtctaggaatgtatccatttactctagattttctaatttattggcctatagttgctcctaatagcctgtaatgatccttagaatttctaaaatatcaactataatgtcacctttttcatctctgattttatttatttaggtctttttttttttttttagtgtggctaaaggttagtaggtttggtttatctttttaaaaaacaaacttttcattttgttgatattttgtattttttcatttcaatttcattaatttctgctcttatcttcattctttcctttcttctatacttattttgcatctggtttactcatgcttttctagttctttaaggtgtatcatcaggttatttatttgaggtttttcacttctttgatcttggaaattataggtataaatttgcttcttctgctttttgctgtatcccataggttttggtatgttgtgtttccattttcatttgtttcagtgaatttttcaagtcatttttaatttctttgtggaacttctaaggatcattagaggctactatgagcaaccataggccaatagattagaaaacctagaGTATAttgatacatatagacattgaaaaatccacattatcaatttgttcttaaataagctttggtaatttgtctcttttaagaactttaagctgccaaattcgtgagtatagaattgttcataataattattatcatttaaatatataggttctgtaatgatatttcttcttttaatcagtccttctttcttagtcttactagtatgtaacaactttcttgatgttttcaaaggaacttttcactttgtgaatttactatttatttcaatttcatttatttctttcattacctctgttattttacttttttcaaattatgttttattttatttgtttcttattttttcattgacttttaaacatatgtatttttccaatataagaatttaaagtaataaattaccctctcaatttaactctataccacaaatat
>Human| chr10:74944032-74945531 | element 200394 | negative
aggaaaatatagtagttataaatgtaacatctaataaccaagtcttaaagttggtgaagcaaaaaatgactgaatggaaaggagaaatattgtagcaattatagctggaaactttaataccccactctcaatacttgtagaccacctagacagaaaatcagcaaggatattaaacacctgaacagtactatcaaccaacctgacctaactgacatcccacccagtgacagcagtgtagatactcttcaagcacacataaagcaagttttttaactataaaaagatttaaattatacaaggtatgttctccagccaccttggaattaaattataaatcaacaacatacagttgggatatcctcaaatatttggcaattaaacatcactcttctaaataacccatgggttgaaaaaggaatctataagggaaagtagaaaatattttgaactgaaagaaaagggaaaagcaaaatataaacatttatgggatgcagctaggaggaaatgaatagctttaaatgtctacagaaaaacagggatgtctcaataatttgtttccaccttaagaaactaaagaagaacaaactaaatccaaagcaaagcagaaagaaggaaataatacagataagatagaaattaataaaacagaaaaacaatagagaaaataaagtcaaaagctgtttctttgaaaagaagtcagtaaattgacaaatcattagttggtttgatcaagaaagaagagagattgacatgatcaggaatgaaagagagggcataactcaaccctacagaaagtactctgagaattcagtaaacaatggcaacaaattagataacttagatgtaatggacaaatccctagaaagacataaattaacaaattgacttaaagaaaaattaaaaatttaaacagctccataccaatctaattgggttatttctatctatgtaatttctatttaaataaactaaattaataattaaaaatctttcagctgatcacagtggctcatgcccataatctcagcactttgggaggtaaggagggaggatcacttgaacccagtagtttgagaccagcctgagcaacatagtgagaccccatctctatgaaaactaaaacaattagccaggtatggtggcacgtgcctttagtcccaggtacttgggaggctgaggtgggagaatcgcttgagcctgggaggtcaaggctgcagtgagccatgatcacactactgcattccactgggcaacagagtgactctgtctcaacaaataaacaaatacaaaatcttcccacaaagaagtccaggcacagatgcgctagtaaactctatcaaatatttaaattctagtaaactttatcaaatatttaaagaagaaatcagactcagaaaatcaaagaacactttccaattcattctatgagaccagtattacactgataccaaaaccaaagacaagaattcttcatataagagattctaaggaatagaagga
>Human| chr6:52229775-52231274 | element 200395 | negative
attggtcctgtcactttattgttatagcttatGGCTTATTGGGCTAGAAAAAGTAAGCCTTTCTTTGCCCCTCCTGATACTTGTTACTAGGCAGTCTCTGTCATTGTGGATTTTTACAGAAAGCAAAACAAAAATACAAAAGACTTGTTGTCTCACCAAAAAAAAAAAGGTACCCAGAAAGCCATTTGCCCCAGCTGTAGGTAATGCCTGGTGCTTGATTTTTGATGTGAAAGGATCCACAGAAGTAAAGGGAAGAGAATGATTTCTGAACATTCATTTCAACTTTGGGATTTCATGGCACACAGTAAAAAATGTACTGAACATATCCCTTTTTAAAATTCGCATTTTTTTTTTCAGGTTGTGTTGCATAAAGCTTCATACAGCCACAGCTTGAATCTTGATctagctgtggtttggggcaagttgtttcatctcttttggcctcagttttcttaaaatgaagatattaatgagtatgtacctcatggggctgtgatgaagatgaaataacattgatgcgtgtagaacacttgagttcggtgccggacacatcatgagtgctcaacagagtctacttattcttGTTAGGAATATTATTTATTGATAGTCTTATGTTAAAATTCCTTTGAAGCCATGTGGAAATTTATCATTTCCCAGGTAATGATATTCCCTTCAGTTAGGTTTTGCAACTAACTACAAATAGAACATTTTGGTTTTTGCCCTCCTGGTCTTTTAAGAGTTTTTAAAGGGTAACCTGAAAAGCAACGACAATTAGTTATTTTTTATTTATTCAGAAACGaggaaatacagactccaaataagtggagtcagtgctcccagttaCTTTCTTTTGAATTCAGATTTTTTTTTTAAATGAGCATTCCTGTTATGATTGTATATTATGTATAACAGTTTGGTGTGGTAAGGCAAATCTGAAAGAAAAAAGTTTAAAAGCCTCTTCTCTAATTTTTTTCCCTTCATCCAATGAAAATATTATTCTAACGAAACAGCTACAGTTCTCTTGGCACGTATTGAAAGAGACGATTCTGGTAAACATTCCCTTCATTCCAAATGTGAGTTTTGCTCTGCTGTGTTTTTTAAACAATAGGGAAGAATAGCCTGGCACTGAAATCTCAGCTCTTCTGTAAATGTCAACACTAGTTTTTTTTCAAGtttataaattttattttatatatatatGTACATATATTAGAAAGATGGGAAAGTTTCATCTTAATTTTAATCAGATGATTAGGGGCTGCTATGAAATAGTTAATGTTTCATGAAATGTTGACCATTTAGTGAGAATTCTCTGTTCTAGGCAAGcaagtgctggagatggagaggcttgagacacaggctttgcccttcagaagttcaTTCACATCATGTGCTCTCTTACAATGATGCAGGAACAAAAGCTTCTTCTCCTAATGGCCTGTGGAGCTAAGAATTCATATGGATTTTACTACATGATATTTTCCTTCAATTTCTCAAAGA
>Human| chr7:147833239-147834738 | element 200396 | negative
aggaaggaaagaaATAAACAAACAAGGAAACCACATTGGGAAATCCAAGCAAAGATGGGCTCAGCAGGTCacatggtttggatatttgtccctccaaatttcatgttgaagtgtgactcccgatgttggaggtgggaacctagtggacagtatttgggtcatgggggcggatccttcatgaatggcttggtgctcttcccatggtaatgagttcatatgagatctggttgttttaaagagcttggcacctcctcctcctctctctcgcttcctctcttgccatgtgatgtgctgctgttccttcaccttccgtcatgagcataagcttctgaggccctctctagaagtcgatgccagcactatgctcatatagcctgcagagccaagagtcaaataaacctcttttctttataaattacccagccctaagtatttctttatagcaaggcaaaatggactagaacaGCTGGATAGTACTGCTAACCGATGACCCTATCCCCAAAGCTGTTTCCATTCATTCTCTTTGTTGAGAGTATGTCAAACCATCCCAGGATGGAGGCTGGAGATGAGTTTAACCCCACCTGCAACTGTTCTCTCGATGGAGCTACTCTACAGAAAAATCATGTTCCATTAGTTCACTAAATCGTAACAAAAGTAAATGTACTTGTTTGAACATTGTACAAACTAGTCCTAAAAGGGTTCTCACGTATTTTATATGCGCAGTCTTTAGGGAGGCAAAAATGTTTTATGCAATCTATACAAGAAAGTTATATTTTCAGCTGTTATCCAAAACAAAGGAAGCGTACTCTGTGAAAAATTGGTATTATTGTTTAACAATATCCATTTCCAGAGGAATGCTTTTCttaagtagaagttggctgacacaaccataagggatgctgtgaagtgatttctgtcattTTTCATACATGGAAACATATGAACTCAAGGGTCTACTAACTCTTCTACAACTTTAAAGGAGCACTTATCCTGGGATACTTTCAAACCTGAGATTCTGAGATTCTATATTTTTAATGTTCAACCCTTAGTTTCCTCATTTCTAATATTCATTACTAAGTAGACGATAAAGATCAAGTTAAGCATAGCTTCAGAAAAACTAATAAAATAATTTAAATTGGTTATGCATCTCTTGTGACGATTCTAAGGCAAAAGGCACTTTTATAGAAGTCTTTCACACTTTAAGAAAGCTTGCTATATAGAAAATGATTCAGTTgggcacagtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggcgggtggatcacctgagttcaggagttcgagaccagcctggccaacatggcaaaaccccatctctactaaaaatacaaaagaattagccagatgtggtggcgcgtgcctgcggtcccagccactcgggaggttgaggcaggagaataatttaaacctgggaggtggaggttgcagtgagctgagatcacaccattgcactccagcctgggcaacagag
>Human| chr9:26933247-26934746 | element 200397 | negative
gagcaagactctgtctaaaaaaaaaaaaaccataaaaaagctgcgcatggtggtgggcacctgtaatcccagctactctggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttcaacccgggaggcagtcctggcagaggctatagtgagccgagatcacaagatcacaccactgcactccagcctggtgacagaccgagactccgtctcaaaataaattaaaattaaaattaaaaaataatttaaaataaaaaattatttttGTTggccaggcgcagtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcaatatggaaggccgaggggggcaaatcacaaggtcaggagatcgagatcatcctggctaacatggtaaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaaaattagccgggcgtggtagcaggcgcctgtagtcccagctactcggcaggctgaggcaggagaatggcgtgagcccgggaggcagagcttgcagtgagccgagatcacgccactgcattccagcctgggcgacagagcgagactctgcctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattttttgtttttagagacagggtctcactctatcacccaggctggagtgtggtggtgtgatcacagctcactgcagcctccaactcctgggctaaagcaattttctcacctcaacttactgagtagctgggactacaagcatgcaccaccatgtccagctaattttttaattttttgtagagatggagtcttcctatgttgctcaggctggtctcaaactccttgcctctagcaatcctcccgtcttagcctcccaaagtgttgggattacacatatgagccatggtgcctggcACATTATACAAATTGTTTAAAGGAATTTAAGTGTTTATGAAACATGTTCCAAACTATTTCATTTATATTTTTAAAAAAGTACACTTACTGCACCGATTAAGCATGTCATTCTACAATAAAGAACTGTTAAGCCACACAGAAATCCAGAATTATCACAGAATCAGGAATATACACAAATCACAGAAAATAATATTCAAATATATTAAATACTCCTCAATAATACCAGAGCCCTAAACACACTGCTCTGGGTCTTCAATTAAATACTTTTAGTTTTCTGAATAAATGCATTCATTGCATGAAATAGTTAAAAACCAGACTCATGAAGTATATTCAAATTATATAGCCTCTTTTATTACTGAACACTTTACtttttttttttttttttttttttgagacagtctccactctgtcacccaggctggagtgcagtggcaggatctcggctcattgtaacctctgcctgccaggttctagccattctcgtgcttcagcctcctgagtagctgggattactggtgggcatcaccacacctggataatttttgtatttttagtagaggcggggttttgcaatgttttccaggctggtccgaactcctggcctcaagtgatctgcctgtctcaccctcccaaagtgctggg
>Human| chr6:44836231-44837730 | element 200398 | negative
TCATCTGCGAGTATATGGCTTTCTCTGCTTAGGTCCTGTCTTGTCCATTTTGTCATGCTATGGACTCTGTTCAGCTGCTAGGCAACCCAACGCTGCTCCACCATTCCCTCTAAGACTCTGCTGCTGGGAGTCTTGAAGGTGCCATTTCTGCCTGTGGGGGTCCCCACACCTATCAATTCCTGCCTGTCTTCCCCTCTTTGGAGCTCCTTAGCTCTGCCTGTTTTCTTGGACTTCATCACAGCAACTACTTCCTGTGTTTCCTGATGTTTGTCCCAAAGACAAACATCAGGATAGATTCCTTGTCAACTCATCTTGGATTCCCAATGCTTCTTGGCTAAAGTCACAACTGCAGACCTCCTGCTGCAGTCACGGAATACCATGGTTTTGCCTCTGTGCTGACAATTTCCCCAATAGCTATGCTATCCCAATGGGTGGACCTACTGCCTACTGCTGACCCTGGCTTCTCTTTGTCACTTTTGATTCCTCTGAATAAAAGAGCCAAATGTCACTGATGTTTCTGTTTCTATTACCCATTTCCACAGTGTGAGACCAGTAGCAGGTAAGATGTGAATGCTGATGAGACTCTGTGCTCACATGGATGGCATGAGCTGTGCCTCAAAAGGCAGAACATCTCTAGCAGTGCCAGCTCTTGTCCAAACATCAAAAGTAAGCAGCAATTCTTAACACTGAGTATAGGCTGCTTTGTCTTTTTTTTTTTCTTTGAAGACTGCCTCCTTGGAAAGACAAATAGCATATCACACCCCAAAGGCTGTGACAATACTGAAAAAGCCCTTCTTTACCAACTGTCTTCTACAAAAACAACTCCTTGGGAGTTCATTTCAAGGGACTCGAGAAAAATAGCCATGCATGCTGCTAAATGCTGGGTGACTCACTGAGGCAGAGGTGAAACTCTGAGCAGTGAACCAAGGGCTGAGATATAAACCACTAAGAAAACCCAGTAGGTTGAAACAGACGATATTGCAACTGTTCTGAAAATCAGCACGTATGTAGGTAATTACTCCTAATATGCCCAGACAACTTCAATGTGTGTATCTGTGTGTCTTATCTATGTAAATGCAAAAAAACCTAAACCAATTCTACCTACCTACCTAAATGCAAAGAAATATAAACCAAGTACACCCATGAATCAGAAAGCTCTTTTCTAACCTGCCCCGAATCCCTTGCTCTAAGACTCCTTGAAAGCATTGTGCCACAGTCCACCGGAAGATATAGCATAATTATCTCATAACCACTAGTTAGGAAGTCCCTAGGAAGTACCTTCTGACTGCTAAGAATAGCTATTCATTTATTTTCACTCATTCACTCACCTATCAATCTTTAACAAGGTGTCAAACATGTCAGGACAATGTGAGGCTCTCTGTATTAGATAAGAAAGAATTTCTAGGGAGAATAGTGGAGATGAGAAACAATATCTCTTTTCATTTCCCTGCCTCTAAATTTACAAAGCAAAAGTAGAAAGCAAATTATACAAGCAAGTTG
>Human| chr12:109359770-109361269 | element 200399 | negative
ttccttcctttcctttccttctttagagatgacatcttgctctgtcacccaggctggagtgcagtggctcagtcacagctcactgcatccttgaattcctgggctcaagcgatcctctcacttcagcccccaagtagcctggaccacagtcacatgccatcatgcctggctacattttcttatttaatccccccattaaagtgcctattatggagtctattttgcagatggggaaactgaagctcagagaggtgaagcatcttgcccaagctcacctcagtcaacaggggtgcactgtgatataaacctggatgcgtttatctccaTGTCTTCAAGACCACACACCTACAGTTTCCTTCACGTTTCCATGGCTGCCACAAACTCCCAGGTGGTAGAAACTTCTGTAGGAACCAAAGTGGCTCACTGAGTCCTAACCCCGTATGTGAATGCCCCACAATATCATGCGGTGAACGCCCCGGCAGGAATCTTATAGCTGGGCCAGGGCAGATCAAGGAGGTTCTCGGTGGTTGCCAAGGCTTGCCAGCTGCCTGGCTTGCACAGTGTTCCTGGGGGAATTTTGGGGAAGCTTTATAATTAGAGTCTGATCTGTCCTTCCTGAGGTTGGGCCAGAATTCCATGCTGGGGAGGAGGAAGCTCTGCAATCTGGGGACACTTTCTCTTTCCCTCTGGTCAGGCCGGTTTCATGTTGGGTATGGAATTTATCAAGCTGTTTGGAAGAACTGGCGGGACACCATATGGGCAGCCTTCCTGGGCTTCATCTATTTGGGATGAATGAATGTTCAACTAATCAACTAAATTCTGAGGGATAATTCAGTTATGTCTCCCAGCGGCCAAGGTCAGggttaaggatgtggaccctggagccaggtgtgcctgtatttcaatgctggcattgccatttacGGACACCACAAGCTTGGCAGTGGTataataatagacatttatgtcattttctctgtgccaagagttttatgtacaagggccatttactcctcataacagcaccatgggagagactattattatcccacctacagatgagaaaactgagacacagagaagttgaatagcttgtctttaattagaggagctgggatttgaacccaagcagtctggcctcaaaacccatgcttttcacaatgacactgcattatTTCACTTGTCCAAATGAGCTTCTTAGGTAAATATTGAAATGAGGGCTGAggccaggcatggtggctcacacctataatcccagcactttgggaggccgatgtgggcagatcacgaggtcaggagatcgagaccatcctggctaacacggtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaattataaaaattagcctggcctggtggcacgtgcctgtagtcccagctacttgggaggctgaagcaggagaatcgcttgaacctgggaggcagagcttgcagtgagccaagatctcaccactgcactccagcctgggtgacaaagcgcgactttg
>Human| chr3:8733087-8734586 | element 200400 | negative
tcctgggttcaagcgattctcctgcctccatctcccaagcagctgggattacaggcatgccccagcatgcccagctaatgttgtgtttgtagtagagatgggggtttcttcctgtctgtcaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccgcccgcctcggcctcccaaagtgcttggattacaggcgtgagcaacggcgcccggccCATGCTGCATCCTTATCTGTTGTCTGTTGTTTGTTTTTgagcccagaaataacttctcacctatatgttcaaatgatttttcacatgagtgctaagaaagtccattggtggaaaagcagccttttcaagaaatggtgttggagaaacttgatttccacatgcagaagaatgaaggtggactctatgtcacaccaggtgcaaaaatgaacacaaactggatcaaagacctaaccccaactgctgaaagtataatatgcctaaaagaaaacattggccacactttcatgacatcagattgggcaatgctttctgggatatgacaccaaaagcataggcaacaaaagaaaattagatcccttggatgacatctaaatgacagacacttttgtacatcagcaaacactgtgaactgagtgaaaagataacccatggattaggaaaaagatttgcaaatcatatctctgaaaagaggctgatatgcatcatatacaaagaacagctagaactgaacaacaagaaacccaaagcatcccattaacaatggtcagaagactcgagtagacatgtccctaaagaagatacagcaatggccaataagcatctaaaatgatgttcaaaatcactcatcatagggaagcgcaaatccaaccaagaatgtgataccacacatttggatggatgtgataaacaaacgagcattggtgaaactagagggaagtaggaatgctcgaaactgattggagggaatgtaaaaccgtgaaggaacagggaaaatagaatggcgtgtactggaaaaagtagaaacaggattaccagatgttcccgcagttgcacttgtgggtaccctccaaaaagaattagaagccaggagtggaagagagatttgtacacccaaattcatagcagcattattcacaacagccaacatgtggaagcaacccaagggttcgtggacagatgaatgaaaaagcacactgcagttcattcatgcgatggaagactattcagccttaaaaaggcaggcacttctggccggtgcggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcatcttggaagaccgaggtgggcggatcacctgaggtcaggaattcaagaccagcctggccatggacttggtgaaatcctgtctctgctgaaaatgcagaacattagacgagcgtggtggtgtgtgcctatagtcccagctactggtgaggctgaggcacaagaattgctggaacctgggaggcggaggttgcagtgagcccagattgtgtcactgcactccagcc
>Human| chr5:179141917-179143416 | element 200401 | negative
aacatgcccacctagtttttgtatttttagtagagacagggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctggcctcaagtgatccacctgcgttagcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccaccacacccgTTTCTTAACAACAAAAGAGTGTGAAGTTCTTCCTCACAGAAATATTCATTTTCATTATCACTGACacagcagcataggattccttgtttggatgtgctgtaactcagtctcctgtgtattagatatctaggtGTGGAATCTGGGCTTTAATATACATCACACTTAAGATGCTTTTATGGGGCCCATGTggctgggcacggtggctcacacctgtagtcttaacaccttgggaggctgaggttgggcagattgcctgagctcaggagtttgagaccagcctgggcaacattgcaaaaccccatctctacttaaaatacaaaaaattagctgggcatggtggcacggggccgtctgtagttccagctactgcggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacctgggaggcgggcgttgcagttagccgagatcacaccactgcactccagcctgggagacaaagcgagactctgtctcaaaaaaataaaataaaaTTTTAAAAAATGCTTTTATGGATTTAAAATTGTTTTTTCATTCTCCATGGGAGTTAAAAAGTAGAAAGTAGAATCATGAGTGGACATGCGTTTTAATAAATTGGAGGTTTGTGTAATTTCAGTAACGTAATAATACCAGCTCTATTAAAAATGAAGAAATGGACCTTTTGTACTGGGAAGTAGTTGTAAGTCCACGTATTTGTCTTCTCACTGGTGTATATGTGTAAGCCCAATAATTGTGTTAGTTTATGTAGTTTCTTGTTTTTTTTGTTTTTTTTTTTTAGTGTCTATAAGTCAAGTCTTTGGTGTTAAAGATTTTAACTATCATTTGCTGTAATTCTTAGAAAGCCGAGGGACTAATCATTTATGTTTCGTGCATAAGGAAATGGGCGTTAGCTTCCCCAAGACCCCAGGAGCCAGGCATTGTTCTTACCCCAAAGCCTCAGGTCAGACTTCTGCTGCTTCACGTTAGAAGTCATGATCTTTTGTATTATGGTAAAGGGAGCTTGGAAAATTAAGTACTTTTAATTCCATTTAATGTTTCTTTCAGTCTTGAATCCAGATAATAGTTTTGAAATACTGGTTGACCAATCTGTGGTGAATAGTGGAAATCTGCTCAATGACATGACTCCTCCTGTAAATCCTTCACGTGAAATTGAGGACCCAGAAGACCGGAAGCCCGAGGATTGGGATGAAAGACCAAAAATCCCAGATCCAGAAGCTGTCAAGCCAGATGACTGGTGAGTCTTGGGGAACTGTCTTCAAGTGTAAGGGAGCATTTCATATATTCCATGTGGCTTGAACAACGAAATGTTGGTTGAGTAAGCTCTGATAATTTCAGTAATCCATGATGCAGTCTAAT
>Human| chr21:30828592-30830091 | element 200402 | negative
TGTTGTCTCTCCTGCAGGGACCCCATGGGGACCATTTTTTTCATGGCTACAGACTCAGTTTGACTTGGGTCTGGAATGGCCTTGGTGTTTCGAGGAAGGAGACAAGCAGTTCTTGCCTTTCACGTGAATTGTCCATCATTAATCCCATATTTAATGGCTCCTGGTGGAGCTGTACTCCATTCCTTGCTGTGATATCCCAGGAAATGTTCCTACTGGCTCCTGGAAAATTGTGAGGAAAATTAAGTTTGATTTGGATACCCAAAGCATCCACTGTGTACCATTTCATTCCTCACCTCAACAATCCCTCTTTCGTGGCTCATGGTCTTATGTTCTTATGTATTACACAAATATTATTATATGTTCATATATTTTACCTTATATTTTCATTTATTAAGAGTAAGGTTTTGATATGAGTACTATAAATATGAGCCAGTATATGGttattaataattaaaacaatattatttatacatttattattatGCAATGAAAACTTGTTCCTTATATAAGAGAAATTTTAGGAATAGCAGCAAATGGGGAGATACATTCGGTACAAGGACTTTAATAGTGACACTGAAGTGACTGGTTTCAGCAGCCACTTTGGCCTATATGGCCTTGCCTCGAGACCTCTAGAAATGGCATCATTAGGCCTTCTTCTTTCTGAGTTCTTTCCTTCATAAGTTATGTACCTGATAAGGACTTTATGCATCAGAAAGTATGGCGTAGTATAGAACAATACaggcagcatggcacagtggaaggaactcagggctagttgtcaagagatttgggttcttctgcgtgcttaatgctagttttatgatttggacaaatcacatcgcctacctggacatcggtgtctacatctgtgggatgatgatgatgatGACAgttaagtgcttaacaataacgaactcatttaatctttgcaacatcctaatgaagtagataccatttttctcattttacagatgaggatgctaagccataaaaaggttaaatctattgcttaagttcactcagcaaagacagggttaaggttatgtcttcctgtcctgggctcctctcttCTTGACAGTGGCTAAAGTTCCTAAAGTCTCAGATTCTATTTTAATGAAAACTTGCATCGGTGAAGACACAGATAAAACACAGTTCTGGAACAATGTATTCCAATGGATTTGAAAGCCATTCAATAAACATGACCATAACTTAGTAGTTTGTTTCAAAAATACATACTTGTCTATCctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctgtctctctctctctctcACATCTATTTTAAATGTAGACCCAGGAATCAATGTGGTCAAGCTGCTCTCAAAATTCTAATACATGGAATTAATGGCTAATGGCTCCTAATAGAAATGAATAATTATAGACCATTGCTAACCACCACTGAGAAGTATAATAGCTAATCATTTCTCTCTAATGGCTGTTTGTGTCACAAACAGAAATTT
>Human| chr9:139449797-139451296 | element 200403 | negative
CAGCCTTCTTCGTCCTAGTCCCTTCTCCAAAGAAAGGACAAAACCACTGAAAGGGTTCGTCTGGGTCACAAACGTCCCAAATTGGCTTCCGCGTGGAAACTAAACAAGGGTAGGTCCCAGCCCCTGGGATTCAGGTGAAACCCGAGGCCTGTCTGAGGTCACAGCGTCTTCCCGAGGACGTCAGCCCTGTTGGCTGTGTCTGGGGCCAGGCTGAGGCATAGCGGGCCAGGAGGCCGAGCTTCCCAAAGGAGCTGCACTGTCTTTTCCTTAGAATATGAAATCAATGTCTGCCACCTTGAATCCTCATGGACAAGACTCCTTGGAAGCCAGCCTGTGTCAGGGCCAGCGTCCCCCAGGGCTGACACCTACACCCTCGCATTCTCAGCGTGACTCGGGACAGTGGCAGAACCCGCTGGGTTCTCTCTACGGGAGTGCtttttttttttcttttcttttttttttttttttttttttttgagtcggagtttcactcttgttgcccaggctggagtacaatggtgtgatctcggctcactgcaacctccacctcctgggttcaagcagttctcctgtctcagcctcccgagtagctgggattacaggtgcacaccaccatgcctggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatgaggtttcacggtgttggccaagctggtctcgaactcctgacctcaagtgatccacctgccttggcctcccgaagtgctgggatttctggcgtgagccaccgcacccagcTCGGAGTGCGTTATGACTAGAGGCAAAGACAGCAGCATGATCTTCAGCTTGCAAATGAGACACAGAATGACAATGAATCTTCACCGAAGTTAACTTGAACCTGGATGGATGAGTGGCCGGGTCGCCAAAAAGCTCCTCGGACCCTGCCAGAGTGTGAGCTCTGCCAGGAGGGCCGGGGCTCCAGGATCCCAGGCTGGGCAGTCACTGGCTCCCCCAGGAAGGGCCACATTCCGGTGGGCAGACAGAGGGTTGGGGAGGGTGGTGGGCAGCCAGCCGCCTGGATCCCGGCCGGGGCACCGTCCCGCAGAGCTTGTCCCGCACAGACTCAGTTTCCTAACCCAGCAAGTGGGAGTCCACTGTGAGAAGTCCAGCCCTACGCAGATGCGTGCGAATCCCCTAAGAGCCATGCCTGAGCCCTTGGCGGAAGCAGTTGGCTCCTCGTGTCATGCAAAGGGCGGCATTTTCATTCCTAACAGGGAGGTGGCCCCGGAGCATCCAGTTCAAAGGAGCTAGGATGATCCAGGGTCCTCTCACGTGGGCCTTGGTGAGTGGCCACACCCTCTGAGACCCCCTTTCATCCCCATAGAAAGGTCCTAGCAGGGCTGTGCCAGGGGGATCCGCGGGTGGCAGGGTGGCCCCATCTGCAGTGGGCCCAGGAGGATAGCAACAGGACTTAGCAGTGGTGGGATTGTATTTCTGGGCCCTTCTTCCCCCACAGCCCACAGCCTCCTGACGGGACCCC
>Human| chr6:84066205-84067704 | element 200404 | negative
AGAGTTGCAAGAAATAGAAGAATTATTAAAGGGGAAAGAAGAGAAGGCCAAGGAAAAACATTACAAATTAGTACCCACAATAAAAGAATAAGGTGACTAAGAATGGCCTTTGAGAAGAAAATGATCTAACAGGTAAGACAACCAGTGTTTCTGAAGCCAAAGGAAGTCAAGGGGAAAAAATGTTAAGAAAGCACAGATCAATATGATCATTAAGTGCAGTAAATTCTTTGAATTCTTCTTTGAAGTACATTACATAAAATTGTttttttttcctgaactatgatttaaatagccaacatgatgccgcatcactaccaaatgatgtaatgcatttcctacaaataaaaatattctcctacataatcttaaccagaaaattaatattgacacattattaccatctaatcctcagacatcattcacatttcaccagttgttccaatattgtccttcataataaagagtagttcaaaatgctgtgcaatatttagttgtcaggtctctttggtcaatctcatttcctcagtctttccttgactttcaagacattgatacttatgaacaatttagtgtttttatagaatgtccctctatttgagtttgcatactgtttgctcataattagactgagattatacatcttttgcagtaatattacagaagtgatgctggcttcttctcattgtttactatcaggtggcaccattgccgaccggtcctattagtgatgatgttcacatttaacacttgattaaagtggcgtcctccaggcttctttactgcaaagtcattctttcctacctttgtatttaacaagtattttgtgaaaggattcttcaaaactctgtaagtatactgtttcttcatccaactttcaatttattcagatcagtatgggctcatagtttattatcttattcaacaggttttaatctattgcaaatataatgtatctgatggccaaattgtcccaggtttgccagagggaggcccttcaagctggcttctatggcttttgagatatcccaattgtgatggttaatactgattgtcaacttgatgggactgaaggatataaagtattgatcctgggtgtgtctgtgagggtgttgccaaggaaggttaatatttgagtcggtgggctgggaaaggtggacccacccttaatctgggtgggcacaatctaatcagctgccagtgtggctacaatataagcaggcagaaaaatgtgaaaagagaggcttgcctagcctcccagcctacatctttctcccatgctggatgcttccttccctcgaacatcgaactccaagttcttcagctttggaactcggactggctctccttgctcctcagcctgcagatggcctattgtgagaccttgtgatcatgttagttaatacttaataaactcccctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatttcattagttct
>Human| chr12:1267919-1269418 | element 200405 | negative
ttcccaagttttaaactttaatttttggttgcccaggaacttctttgaattgttttgtatgaagggttatgggtgctatcccaattccttgtttgttgaccatgtgtttatgttatctttttatattttaaaaacCATTTCAGAGATACAAAAATGTATAGAGAATAATATACTGAGTATAATCACTCAAGTTAAGTaaacatttcaaatattgttgaagttcattggcatatctctccttgatagtactcctttttattctatcccagagattaatacttgattttagtatttatACATGTTCAATAAGAGGAAGTACATATGGCAAATAAATATGAGAAAAATGTTCAACTATAATGAATGAATTGATTTCCTCTCAGGTAGCATGTATCAGTTTTGGACAGTTTTGACCCTATTTTGTTTAACCAGAATTGATTCCTTAGAGCCtttggcaccagggaccaattttgtggaatacaatttttccacaggccatgctgcaggggacagttttgggatgaaactgtcccacgtcagatcatcaggcattaggatctcataagaaacatgccacctagatccctcgaatgcacacttgacagtaggattcacgctcttgtgagaatctaatgctgccactgatctgacaggaggtggagctcaggtggtcacgctcacttgtctcaccgcttacttcctgctgtgcggcccagttcctaacaggccacagaccggcactggtccatggcccaggagttggggacccctgCCTTAGAGTATTTGCTGATTGAGATTAACTtggggccatagtgaataagtcagatcttttttctgcatgatatttagatatttggagCTTACTCTTTGGCAGCCCCCAAATCTCAATATCCTACGTGAAGTATTTTTATTCCCCTCATTGTTCTTATTTGCTTTGGTTATTTTTTCTGATGACTTTTATGTGTctaaactgatttttcttccatcttgacttgtttagttaggattttggatctaattgcaagaGAGATGATTAAAATGGGATTCATGTTCCGTTCACGGCCCTTAGCTGAAATGtgggctactcagtgaaactcactaacgttcagtttcttcatctgtagagtggatataatagctacttaaggatgttcttgtttaacgatgtaatgtgtatgaaatcatgcaccttggaacctgtaaagtggtatataCTCAGGATATGAGGTATCAACATAATTTATTCTCATTAAATTTCATTCAGCCAATTACTCTGAATTTAGAATCATGGAGAATCTTTTGACTCTTGATTTGATTGTTTAGTCTAACAGTAATTTAGTCTGACAAGTCTTGATTTGACTAACAAatcgtttagactaacaaattgtttagccttgatttgattgaaggattgtcaatccttcaatttcatgccttctacccatttataaacgtgctctgtatactttcgtatagacaataaaatgttgaacaagcccccaa
>Human| chr6:114288081-114289580 | element 200406 | negative
AATTAATTTAGCACTTATTTGCCTCCAAAGAAATTATTACCTATTTCACGGATAATAAAGATTTATACCACAGCTAAGAACCCATGTAGTTGTATTAAAGGTTATTCAGCAAAAGACTTTGGTACTACTCATAAATACAAGTCTAAGAAAATCTGACAATCGTTGGCTGCCAAGTAGAATTTCTATAATTTGCTGAAGAAGGAGTACGTTGGGAGGTATCATCTTGGTAACttttttttttgagacggagtttcgctcttgttgcccatggcactatcttggctcactgcaacctgcacctcctgggttcaagccattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtaactgggactactggtgcctgccaccacgcctggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagacggggtttcgccatgttggccaggctcttctcaaactcccgacctcaggtgatttgcctgcctcagtctcccaaagtgctgagattataggcatgagccaccacacctggccTAATCTTGATAACTTTTGTATTTATATAGTTTTATCTGTATACAGTCTTTGAGTGTTTTTTTCTGGACCACTTGTCTCCAAAACTGATTATGCATCCCTCTCAGAGGAGGAAAAAATAGAGCACAGAGAAATTTGTGTATAGTTACATAAATTAGGTATATAAACCCTATTATACTGTATACACCATAAAAACAAGCACTAAATATGTTTGGCCTCAAGATTAATTCAAAACAAAGCATAAACATGTCTAGATACAGTATTAAAAATGTGAGTGGTATAACTAGAGCCTAACACAGCTTAGCTGCTAATTATATTTAAGTAGAGAaaaatcacatcgttttaaggcccagaagggatcttagtgactatctaattagctgtatcattttacagatTCTTGATGATCTTCTAGTGTATAAAGAAGGAACATGATTCAGAAGTATGTTTTTGGGAATTTGGAGGCATGGATCAATAGCTACAGTCAGAGAAGTAATAACTTCTCTTACTTTTCTTCAAAGGTTTAAGGATACCTAATCCATCAATGTCTGAAGGTTCCCTTGGGACCAACGTTTCAGTGACCTAAAGGGTTACCTGAAGATTACATAACGTGCAGAGAACAATATGTATATATTTAAAAGTTCTTTCATTAAGATGCAAACAGCCTCAGTGGCAGACATTCTGTGTGGCCAAGAGGCTCCGTGTGCCTAACAGCCCCAGGAAGCCTAAAGGTAGGATTCCTATGGTTATAGAATTTGCTACTTCCGTCCTTTTCTTTTTCACTCACTTTCTTCCTTCTACTTCCTTTACCAAGAAGTTAAAACCATCTAACCTAGGCTAGCAGATAATTCAGACCCTATTACTACAGATATAACCCATTCCCAATCCAATCCATGTTATATACCTTAAAGTCACGATTCTTTGATACAGAAGCTCCTTTCCTTGCATTCTCTTCTCACAATAAAAAAAGAATTAGTATTGCTACTTTTGTA
>Human| chr9:37350486-37351985 | element 200407 | negative
CTACATCACATACATGTAAACCCTGGCATTCAGTGGTGAAAAAACAGATGCTGCATCATTGACTTGCTCACCTACCCCACAAATGCCCAGATTCCCTATCCAGCCAACATATTCCCTAACCCCAGCTGAAAAGGCCAAACTGTGTGTGTTCTAGATGCTGAGGTGTCAAAGCAGAAGAAGCTTCTTGCTGAGAGCTGGGCATGAGGCCACTAGGCAGATGCCACATTAAGTATGAAGCAGCAGCAGCTCATTTCAGAGAAAGGATGTAATAAGAATAGGCTCAGAGCCCATACTTCTGGGAATCTTGAGGCAGTGGAGGAAAGGCAGTGGCACAGAAAGTAGAAAATTCTTAAAAAAGAATGTATTATTCCCAGTCTCCAGGTAGGCTTCTAGTAGCCTAGAAACCAAGATAAACTAATATCAAACCAGATCTGGTGTCAGGAGGCAGAAAGCATGCAGTGTTGGGAGTCCTCAGACTGAGAAGTATGAGCAATAGGATGGGGTGAGTGGTATTGCAGGTTACCACTTGAATTCCAACTATGACACATCACTGGTGTAGATCTTGGGAGCTGGAGACCTACATTGTAGGGCAACGAAGAAAAGTGCTGAACAGAATCCATAAACAGATAAAGTTTATCTTCCATATTGGGGCAGCAGCAACCGTGGGGGTGAGACATAACTTATGAAAGCCAGGATGAGGCTCTGAGcctcagttgcagtttttgctctgctactgactcaaccatgtgatgtaaacaacccattttttctctttggtcccatttctttatctccaaagcagagaagttgtacaggaaatctctcagCACCAAGTAGTGAAGACTTTTTTTGAGACACGGTACAgagtgcagtgggcactatctcagctcactgcagctttgacctcccaggctcaagtgatcctcccacctcagcctctcgagtagctgggattacaggcacacaccactgtgcccagctaattttgtttattttttgtagagacatggtctcactatgatgcccaggctggtctcaaactcctggcctcaagcaatcctccctccttggcctcccgaagtgttgagattacagaagtgagctaccatgcccagccAAGAAGACTTCTTTTACAGAATTATCATCTCTAGATCTTTTACTGCTCTGTCCATTCCTCATTACTAAACATTCAGATGTTGTCAACGTCTTTTAGGGAACATATTCACATAAGCTTTCCATTACCACACAAATCACATAGATGTACAATTTTTGCTTGCTTACCTCTGTAAAGCAGAGGGGTATAATTTTAGCATTTATGTTTGTTCAATTAAAGAAAAACAATTATAGTTGGATGCTTACTAGTCACTTCTGTTAAGGCAGATAGGAAATATATTAAAAGCATGTGGAATTTATCCCTAAAATCTAGATGTAGATAATTTTTAATTTACAATAAAGCAAATTTGGCAGCCTCATGACTGCCATAGATGAGGAACTCTAGAT
>Human| chr9:5009918-5011417 | element 200408 | negative
cactacatgctggctaatttttagatttcttttttgtagagacagggtctcgcaatgttgccggggctagtcttgagctccaggctcaaacgatcctctcgccttggacttccaaattgctgggattggaggcatgagccatcgcacctagccTATGTATGTTTTAAATAGAGTCTATTTCCTCTACTCTGTCATTCTAGTCCTATCTACTTTTGATCTTCCTGGAATTACTGTAAATTTCTGATTTGCTGATAGCACCTTTTCTTATTTGTCGGAGCCGCCATGAATTCGTTTATATAAACTTTTAATTTTACtccttttagctactgttgttacctgttttacttttatatctattttaagccctaccatacaccgttattattcatgctttaaacaattgtcagttgtcttttttttttttagacggagtctcgctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcagtaaacatgacctccgttgcaacctctgccttcggggttcaagcaattctcctgcctcagcctcccgtgtagctgggattacaggcgtgtaccactatgcccggctaatttttatatttttagtacagacagggtttcaccatgttggccaggttggtctcgaactcctgacctcaggtgattcacccgcctcggcctcccaaatgctgggattacaggcgtgggccaccacgcctggctgtcagttgccttttaatacatttaataaatggaagaagaataatattataattaatcacatatttactatttttgagctcttcattcctttctgtaaacctgagtttacatgtaatatttcctttaatccacatgattttctttatcagttcttgagtgtgagtttgttggtgatgtactctctcagcatccatttatctgaaaacatatttgttttgccttgaattttgaaaattcttattttttataatacaacagatccagtagtatgagaattatttttcaggattgtagaattctgggttgacagctttccccctctccctaccagtactttgtcttctggcctccattacttctgaagcgatgtcagttctatttcttgtcttggttctcctgtatgtatgtgactgcttttaagattatctttttgtctttggtttttagcagtttggctataatgtgacttaagtatggatttgtatagattggattcagatgaactttttggatcggtggtttgatttttttaaacaaacttggaaaacatttagccagtattttttcaagtatttcctctgttccactTATATGTATCAGACTTTGTTACTCTTGTTgttcagtggtgtgatcacggctttctgcagcctcaaactcctgagcgcaagtaatcctcctacctcagcctcccaagtagctgggactacgggcacagagcaccatgcccagcaaattaaaaaaaaatttttttgtagagatggggtcttgctatgttgccagggctagtcttgaactcctg
>Human| chr4:156409577-156411076 | element 200409 | negative
GAAGTGCCTCATCTCATACCACCCCCTGGCTGTACAAGATTTTCCATGAGAAATTTTACCCATGTTCTCTAGAGTTCCTGATCTATCCATTTACATCAACATTTGAGCATGAGCAGTAAGGATTCCAAATTAGTTTCTCAGTTTTCTCTGTACATTTATAGCTATGACTTAGAGGCAAATATAAGATTTGCTACCTCCCCTTTTTAGTACTATAAAAATTATTACAATTCAGATTTCCTGGTATATCTTACAATTGTAATTGTAATGCTTTAGCAGAATTCTTCTTATTTTTTATATAAGCCTTAATTTTTTTCTTTGAATAGATTTTTAATCTTCTAAACGTTTCATAAGCTACTGCTCCAAAGTTAACTATTATGATGCTTTTAACTTACGCTGGGTGATTTTGTTTTTTTTATTTTATCTTATTGGGTGTTTGTGCAATTCTGCATACTGCACACAGCTCATCTCAGGCCTCTTGTCTCTGGCTCACACTGACATCCTCCTTAGGCACTCATTTCCTGTCTAATGTACTCCCTACACTCAGTTTTGACCCCATTCCACTAGCTCCTCACTTTTCCCATTCTATCTTCCACATTGCTGCTCATGATTTTGTTCTAAAACACAGCTCAGGCCACTTCTTTGATTAAAATCCTTTATAGTTCCTTCTTGGCTTCAGGATATAATCAAGATAATATCACAAGGCATACAAATCCCTTTATTCCTTGACCCTTGCCTCCTTCCTTGTTCTCATTTTCCCTTTGTTCCTATTCATCTTTCCGCCATCCCaaatttatacggatatatagtagaaatgcaacaggaaaagataaagcaagaaatagtgaatataaatgttaaggggctgaaatgttaagcgtccatgaaactcttcattgaaaaagtgatgttttactacataggtgaaggaagtgagggaatgagttgttcagccatctgggggaatagaagcagagacaaacagtgcaaaggccctgaagtgggagcatcactggcatgtttgagtaaagccaggaggccagatgactcaagagggtgaagcggggagacacagtagtaggaagggaagaaagtgggatgagttcatgctggcaagtaggtcagaacaagggcttcggattttatataaatgagatgggaagaaattagtagattttgagcagaggagtggcatggtttgttttatatataggaaggataactgtctgctgaattataggctgaataaagattaaagggctgcaagggtggaagcagagagatttaagaggcttttataataatccaggtaaagtggaatgtgtactggaccacaagggtagtagcagaaattgttataaatagtaaactctggaattatttttcttgtggagccagcaggatttgcttattacatatgaggtggagggagaggagttaaggatgactgcgaggttactgacctgaacaactagaagtattgcattgtaattagttgagaga
>Human| chr18:13453510-13455009 | element 200410 | negative
CTGGAGTCACTTGTGACGCAAAAAAAAAGCATTCTGAAATGGTGACTTGACCTCTGTTATTAACTTTAATGAGATAAATATTAGATGGAACATTTAGCCAAGAGAGGTGTTTCTTTGTAAATAGTGTTATTATTTTCAGGTGTCTGAGAGAGACGTTGATCAGGGCATGCGATGTCTTTGAGCCCCCGCTGAGATGAGAGCCCCAGCTCTGAGCAGTGCCCACCCATCCTCTGCAGGGCGCCCGGTGCTCCACCTGCCCTTCCCTCTGTTGCCCCTCATTACCTCCCAGCCCCGTCCCCAGTACTGCTGTGTAATCTGTTCAGTGGGGACAATAATGACGCAATGTGTGATCCAGAGTCTAGCACCTCGTGGCGCCTTGATGGAAATAGAAAGCTGTGatcacagcattaaaatatgctaacaggctgcgggagctaatgggcgccgtgttcacactgcagatgttcaTTCCGGCGCTGCCGCCGACTGCGGGGACAGAGCCGGAGGCTGCGCCGTGCACACCCAGCTTCTCATGGTGGTTTTGTTTATTGCCGGGGTGTTCTCCAAAAGGGGCATCCTGCCTCCTTTATAAGGTGTGCTGTCTTTCTGGCTCTGCGATGATATAAGACCCCTTTTTGTCTGACTGTTAGATGCGCAAGCAGACTCAGTGTTCACGTGGAGGGAATGTTAGCAATGATAACAGGGTGCAGTCGTTTGATGAAAATAAATTGGATTTTATCCTGTTTGTGGTTAATGTTTATCTAGTTGGAGTTTCTGAGCACTAGAAAGGGGTTCCAAATGCATTGTCTAAATTTGTGAAAGAATTCCAGTATACCACATTTAAAGGGATGATTTAAGTGCATTATATTAAGTTGTGAATAATATGGAATTTTGAGTGTCTGGCTTGCAGTGCTGTCTTCCATTTGCTTCCTGGGTCGGCCTGGGAAATGACTCCATTCTCTTCATCATCTTTGCCCTTATTACTAGCCAGGCACCTCACTCCTTATTTTCGTGCTCTTACTTTGGGGAAATCCATCGGATGAAACATACACTCAGTGAGTAGACAAGGCAGCCAGAGGCTATCTGCTTACAGGTGGGTGGCTTTGTCCACGCTGAAGGATGCCTGTCTCTGCAGAGAGGGTAGCAGCAGGACATGCCTGGCCCGGGATGGCCATCCACCTGAGCCACAGGTCTGGGCACAGGCACAGATGAGCTGGGAAAGGGGCTGGCCTGGTCCAGAAGGTGCTGGAGGGCAGAGAGGCACTGTGTTGCTGTGACAGTCCCTGATGAATGGGGATGTGTGGGATGTCATGTTGCCTTTGGAGATCAGACCACTCCAAGCCCTCAGCAGCAGCCTTGGTCCTGATGTGTTCATTCATCAGGCATCCCACTTGGCTGCGCACAGTGCTGGATCACCTGCGGCGGGAGCAGGGCATGCGCCCTGGTGGGTGCTCAGTCCGCGTTTGTTGAGTGGATGATCACAACCCTGCAAACATGTCA
>Human| chr18:52425259-52426758 | element 200411 | negative
agtggtgcgctctcggctcTGTTGAGTATTAGGTGTAAGATCAATGCTGTGCTTTGTAACCTAGGTTTTTTTTAAGCCTGTATTTTCTAGACAATGTGTTGCCCTCTGTTAGATAATAACCAAGTGTTTTTCAATTCAATATCTAGGTAGAGGTATGACAATTAAGATTGTTGTCAATTCCCTGGTCATTTGATGCAGACACTGCCTTCACTGTAATTTAAAAAAATATTCAGTAACTTCTCATTCATTCCATTCAATGTACTTAATACTTACCTGAGCCATTATGTTTAGGGCATTGTGTTAGTAACTGTGGATGATATGAAGAAAGGCCGTAGAAAggtttttcctttgaagaactgacagtctcaattaaagagattaaactagcatccaaataaatgcagtacaaaatttaataagagaaatacccaaagtgtgttttaaacaaaatgttaagaggatacaaaaggtagaaaaatatatcaggtttgggagaaatcaggaaagacttcatgtatgaaggatcatcagagatggcttttaaaggttgtgcagttggtagacaATGATGTCTCTCTCTCCAGCTTGCAAGCGACCAAAAACAATTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGAACAACGACAGAGCTAAGAGACCCTACCAGACTTTAATACCAAGTTTTGCCAGGAATTCTGAATGAATAACTTGCTCTCAGAAAACCTCCCTGAAATGAAGGCATTCGATGGTGATTCTAATGAGCTCTGTAGTATgctgaagtgggagcaaatgccagaccaacaaacaggagactgggtgtcttgtccctgagcaatcactaattagctttgagtcatttaacttgcacaatcctgggcctcatttaaaatgaggttgagggatcagaagacttcaaacgtctctctatagctctgaaattgtataattAGCACAAACTCAACCCCAATTTCTATTATTATATTCTTACAAGAAGTAAAGAAACATTTCCTTTTAATTTTTCAAAGTTTTGTATTCTATCAGTGAGAAACACAGTAGAACACACAGTATTTGGTCAATAAGCACATGTTGAATCACTACTAGTGTCAAGAAATACAGCCTGCAAAGTGGAAGTCACTAACTGGTACTGAGAAAGTTAGTAccatcattgtctaccaactgcacaacctttaaaagccatctctgatgatccttcatacatgaagtctttcctgatttctcccaaacctgatatatttttctaccttttgtatcctcttaacattttgtttaaaacacactttgggtatttctcttattaaattttgtactgcatttatttggatgctagtttaatctctttaattgagactgtcagttcttCAGAAAACCTCCCTCAAATGAAGGCATTCGATGGTGATTCTAATGAGCTCTGTAGTATGCTGAAGTGGGAGCAAATGCCAGACCAACAAACAGGAGACTGGGTGTCTTGTGCCTGAGCAATCACTAATTAGCT
>Human| chr8:35024772-35026271 | element 200412 | negative
gtttgtcttttcaaaatagcttataggcatccttttttcagatcatgagtaaatagaatctttcttatttatttgattgtttttgctttaatatctggggactcaagactaaatACACATTTAAGTGTAACTACTGCTGAGGCCAAATTTCTATGAGAATTTTTACTCCCATTTTCTGTGAAATCACAGATCTCTCTTTGGGACACAAAATAAATATGAAAACAACCAAATAATGTCTATTTTATTGTGATATTTTGCTGGTATTTTTGTCCTTATGATTTATGGATAAATTGGACATAGTGTTGACATACCACATGCCCTCAATAAATAATCACTATCTGTATAGATATATGATTACCACTCTATACACATTTGGAAGAAGAGAGCCCATTTATGAAAATTCATGGAGAAACAATCAAGTGCTTCAAGATTCATGTATTTTTACAGAGACTTACTGACATGGTATATTGCTATGTTAGTGTAGTAAAGACATAAAGTGAGAAAGTAGTCTACCTGTTAACAGTGATCGCTGCATAATGTAGGAATCTAGATCTTGGGAAAGACAAAACACACAATGAATAATACTTGCTTAAAGGAAATCACAATCTTTTTTTgttgcttaacacaactcattattatttctcaaggttcttgtagttggctgggcccacctagctggttttgctTGGGACCTCTCCCAACTTGTAGTGAGAAGGTTTTTCCTTTTTTtgtgtgatgcctgggctaagatgtctgcaacagttgaggattattgattgggtttgtctcttgctcccactctctctgtgcagcctttccatgtgagctacttcacagcatggcagtctcagagtagttgaacttttcacatggcAAATGACTTTCTTTAAGCAAAAACAACAAAAACCTAAAAGCATTTTAAGAGATTTTTTTAAAATAGTTGTAATAGttaatgagcacttattcccatgttagatactatgaatatatcttactccattctcataataaccccacaaaatgggtacctcttttcctattttaatgataaggaaaccaagactcagaattattatgtgattgtacaagTCCGCCTCACTCTAAAATGTGCAATCTAGGGTTTTTCCCTAAAACCCACATATTTTCTTCTATCAGAGCCACCTCTTATAAAACCATAAAATGTTGAATGGCAATACAATAGATAAATAAAATTCAATACATAATACAAGCGATGTTATAAATCCCATGTGATCAACAGCTAAATTAAAATGTAGACAATTACTCTAGGAATAGAGTAGAGGGAAAATTCCCTATGAACTGGTGTTTCTGAAGAGCCTTCTTTGAAGAGGGTAAGTGATCTAAGTGCTATAAAATTTTGTGCACAAAAACTGAAGATAATTTATCAAAGCATACATTTTAATATTTGTTTATTAAAGAAAATTTGCTTACTTCAAACTTTAAAAAAGAAACTTTTGCTTACTTCAAAATTATGTAACTATA
>Human| chr6:90623954-90625453 | element 200413 | negative
atttcactgatgattagtgatgGGtttttgttttgttttgtttttgcttttacagaaagtcttgctttgtcatccagagtgcagtagtatgatcatacctcactataaccttgaattcctgggctcaagcaacctttccatctcagccttctgagtagctgggattacagggttgcgccacaatgcctgattaattttaatttattgtagagatggagtcttgctatgtgaccagattggtcttgaactggtctcaggtgatcctcttgccttagccccctgaagtactaggattacagCAGTGTGCATGGCCCActgctctgatgtttattatgtctttccttctactaattttgggtttcatttgttcttgcttttccagttccttgaagtgcatcattaggttatttaaaacctttctactttttaatgtaagtgtttattgctataaacttccctcttagcactgcttttgttgaattccaaaggttttggtatgctgtgtttccattttcatttgtttcaaaaactttttaattttctccttaatttcttccttgaccctttgctcattcaggagcattttgtttaatttccatgtatttatatagtttccaaagttcctcttgttattgttaaataatttctattttattccactgtggtctgagacgatactagatatttgaaaaatttgttgagacttactttgtgttctaaaatatggtttatcctggaaaatattccatgtgctgataagaaaaatgtgtattctgtagctggtggatgaaatgtctgttatataaatgtctgtgaggtccatttggtctaatgttaagcttaaatccaatgtttcttcattaattttctgtctagattatttgtctaatactgagagtggggtgttgaattctccaactaatactgtattggagtctatctccctttcttttaaaatctaataatatttgatttatgtatttgggtgctcctgtgttggatgcatatatatttagaattgttacatgctcttgcagttgatccctttatcattatataatgactttctttgtctctttttactgttttcacttaaaatatattttatcagccataaacatagctactcctgcttacttttggtttccatttacatggaatatcttttttccatccctctactttcagtctatgtgtatcatctcaactgtgacatgagtttctttaggcagcatatagttgggtcatgtttttaaaatacattcagccattctgtatcttttaagtagaaagtttaatctgttacactcaaggttattattgatatgtgagggcttattcttgtcattttattaattaagttctggttgttttgtatatcctttgttcctttcttattgtttatcattgtggtttggtggtattctgtagtggtaacatttgagtcttttctcttccttgtttgtgtgcttgcttgaccagtggtatttacattttcat
>Human| chr1:37079129-37080628 | element 200414 | negative
cacacacggacacacTGATACAGTGACATCTGCACAGGCAAACACACTGGCATATGCACAGACTCACcacacagacacaggcacacaccaacacacacacccagacataccgatacacacagtgacatacacacaggtacactgacacacacacacagacacacTGTcatacacacagccatacatatatgcatcaacactcaggcagacacactgacatacacacagacatacatatatgcatcaacactcaggcagacacactgacatacacacagacacactcacacagacacagatgcaccctgacacacacacacggacatactcatacacacagtgacatacaggtacactgacacacacagacacactgacatacacacagccatacgtacacacactgacacacacacagatacactgacatacacaAGCACTAATGTAGTCATcacacagacacagacacacaacgacatacacagacacacactgacatacaaacagctgtgcacacacacatatacactgacatacacagccatgctcacacatacacacacacagtgacatatatggagctatactcacacacacacacatagacacagatacacaGGTGCAGACACACGTAGGTACAAAAGCATAGAGACATACATATGCCGACACGCTCCAATATACACAGCTTTGTAGATTCACACAAATGTATAAGAACACCCACAGAAATGATGATCCAGAAATATACAAACCCAGATACAGAAATGCACAGACACACAAATGCAAGTAACAGATATGCATAGAGAGTCACAGATACCCAGACATTCACAGATGCATGCAGATAGATGTGCAGACCTTCACTGAATGCCAAGGCAGACATGGGTAGCACAGATACACGAACATAAACACACAGGTGCAGGTGCACCCAGGCACACAAACATGCGCAGACACACAGCTCCATGCAGACATGGCCATGGGCCCTGGCGTGAGCTGAGCTTGATGGCACAGGGGGTCCTGGTAGAGGGGGTCCTGCTGGTGGGCCCCCAGGTGTTGTTGTCTGGTGATCCTCTCATTTTACAATTGGGGAAAGAATTATGGGGGAGGAGGGAGGTGACTGGTCTCCAGCATGGTGTGTGGTGAGTGGGCTCCAGGACAGGGAGGGGCCATGGCAAGGCTCCTGGCAGGTTGGGAGCAGTAGAACCTGAGGAAGCTGGGCTCCTGCTGCAGGCTGTCAATCAAGCCTGGCTGTCACTGGCCTGAGTCTGGCACAGAGAATCTGGGCTTGCAGGAGCCTCCTTGGAGCTGTGGCCTTCCCAAACTCCTACCCAGAACCAGGAGTCCTTCGCCTGGTCCTGGTGATGTGGCTGTGTTAgtgtatgtgtgtgcaagtttgtgtatctatgcgtgtgtgtttgtgggtccgtgtgtgtgtatatgtatgtAGGTATGCCCACAGTTGTATAGGTTTACGCATGTGAAGGCACATGCACAAACACACATGTT
>Human| chr14:26726389-26727888 | element 200415 | negative
tttgatgtcttctaatgtctcaattaaatataatgtgaaatcactatttgagaatgagagaggaaaggtatggaagctttgaggagaaaagatataaatagttttgtgattttttgtttgtttgtttgtttgttttgttttgttttgttcctgagagtaggaaacctactagggaaacatacttggaactccaggcagtgttaactgactgaggattgtgaatatgaatttagagtaaaacttgtcaatagataatttttttccagcaagattttgctgttttggtgcaggtatagagaagatagttaactccattgaggtggtatgttagaaagtgattacaataggaagggaggatgacagagttgagggcatccataaggaagattgtataatgatgttatagaaaaaaatgaaagcagaaagatgtcagtagggtcaatggattggaaatctggatgagataaaaaaattgctggagtgagagagcttgaataagtaagcaggagggttcagggatgatagcgtaagaattgaatgtttgatattgatattgaaatttaggggtggttcaatttctcatgatgacaagaagcagggtatggcaaagaaatgggtgaatgggatgtagtgggagaacagtaagtggaaatatgcagagtgcaaggtattggatagatcatccaattgcatgttgtgattatgacagcaatgatgggacttggagtcaggagaagggctgtgaaccaggatcaaggtttcaaggaaataaagaaatatcccaagtctgacacagcaaaggggagACAGGAGAAAGAATATAACCATATTGCATGCATGTCAAAGAAAGAAGCAGCtttgttttgtttcatttctatcttgttttgtcttattttgCTGGAGAGTAGAGGAGTAGTGGTCTGGAATTAAAGTGTACCAagtaagtcaaacagacataaattctgcctttgtggagcttacagactagtgaatgagaaagatatgaatcaaataattaaataaataagtctataaattacaaactctggcaagtgctatgaagaaacagtacaggccactgtgacagcatgaaacacagtgaccaaactgatctgtggagtgggggtaagccctgatgatgtgatatttgagcagagatccaaaggatgattgggagttagggaggcaaaggatgattgaggcaaaagGTAATTGAGTTTTTAGGGTAGGTATGACAGAAAAACAAAAGGTCAGGAGAATGAAGGGACATTTTGCATTGAAAGTAACAGACACGATGGATCAAGGAGAAATCCGAACCATCAGGAGAAAATGAGTTAGTCTGGAAACTAGGGCTGGCACTAGATTTAAGGAGAGGGCATATGGAAAGTAAGCACATGACAAAGCTATCAGAGAGAGGAGGTTGTATCCAGAGATTCTTCTTCAGAAGTATGAAAGTTAAAGATTTTCATAAGGTCAAAGATTTGTCCCTATGAGTGGGTT
>Human| chr5:62793643-62795142 | element 200416 | negative
ctaaaacatcttcatggcaatgctcattatcagaaagaaatggaataatgtctaaaagttttgaagaaaaaaagtgtggccaaacaaacttaatgccaccaaattgtcattcatgtacaaaggtggcagattcacagcatgcaagaactctggtaatttagtacctatgcaacctaccaaaaaacataattaaaaaaattaaaaatcttgtttaaaacagccaactagaaaagaatcaaaataatagactaaaaagtgaaaagcctgctttataaatgttaatggcaagcaattaatctatttaaatatatatttaaggctaaacaaggatgagaagtttaaattagggaatgtgaatgttataTCTACTGAAAGAAAAACTATGTAATTATAGGAAAACCTTCCTAAGCTTACCAACAGAAATTAGAAGTCTTCTTTTAGAGGAAGAACACTTCTGGAAGATGTAATTAAAGAGGACAGTTTTAAAGAAACACATTTTTCTTCATGTTTTATATCAGCAAATTTATAGATTTTTTCATGTCTAAGACAGAGAAAACAAGACATACTGCTTTAGTTATTAATTTTATAAGGTATCCATTAGAAGAATGAGGAATACACTGCTTATTTTCAAACAATCAGAAATATTAAAAAAGAAAGAAAAATGAAAACTGTAGAGCAAATGATAGAAAGGAAAGTGAACAATAAGGAAACATTAAGAAACTAATATCGATGGAGGAAAGGACCATTTTTCAAATGGTATAAATAATTACAACCCAATTTGTATGACATTTACAAAAAACATACCCAAAACAAAGTGACTTATGATGGCTTAAATTAAAAACGTGAAAATATACCTGATAAGATTATAttaaagcaaaaaaatgtacaaagaaaaagagagacagttatgataaaaggcataatatgttacaaattatactatcaatctgtttgaaccaaatgatagtagcctaaaaattcataaatacaaggtttagaaaatgaaaaagaaattgatatcagcaatcTAATTGTCAAATAATCTTCTTGATGTATTAGAAACAGCACCAGAAAATTAAATAAAGTACAGATTTGTGCTTAAAATATTAAGAACTCAACAAAGAcaaataaaaccttaagtttctatttcatgaaatttgtcctaaataattttggctggaaagttttaatgcaagagttactctttgtaactgtggtcatagaaaTAGAAGTATGTTATTTAACATATTTACAAAACATCAAGGACACCAACCAATCACAATTTAGAGGCTTCAATTAATCAATCAAAGTAGAAATTAGCCCTGAAAAAGCAAGCTATACTACTACATGGAAATAAAAATGCATGTTTTGAGGAACTGTACATCCTAAATCATCTCATCAGAAAAAAACTAATTGACAATATACTATTTATTATTTTAGTAGAATGAGCTCTTTAATTTGGGGAATACAAATTAATGTtttattaattttaaattttaa
>Human| chr4:90782993-90784492 | element 200417 | negative
AAGTTGGGGAGGAAGGAAGAAACATTTTCCATCACATACATATTGCTTACAGATTTATCTCGGATAATAGGGACtgtgaacaaaagttctctgaaaaggaatttggaagaaagagactttattccagtgaacagtttgcaaaccgtgattcaaagcttttggtgtaaaatgaaggtgtgatccagagaaccaagagagggttcagttattatggcaaaagttcccacccaagtttccagtcaggtttgtttatgcaaatgctcagttcccattgtttgatacagctgagccctgattggttgaagcagtccaggcctgattggtagatcaggtgagctctggaagtcccaaagttgagcagagctgtaggttttcagggaactcagagtatacatgtgtgatctttagtcagcaaatggccacttgcctctatttaaaacatagccccatttagccactcaggttgtattttgaaagattggctctttcggttcacatttgttcacTGGACTAAGGTATTTGCAGATTAGGAGTAAAAGAGAATGAACTTCCTAAGTTTCATTTTGGTAAGTGAAGGAAAATATAGCTATCTCGATTACTAGGAACCAACCGTTTTCCAAATTTTAGAGTTTTCATGAGGAGGCATTTTCCCTGAATTATTCTGAATTCTTTCCCTACCCCTTATTCTGCTCAGGAGAGCTTCAGTGATTTAATAAATGGGTTAAAATTGGGAAGAATATACAATTAGGCTTGGTTTAGCTAATTCTTGTTACCACTTGGGGAAAAGCTGTCATTTTTCTATTTCTTCTCGACGTAAGTCTTCACTTgggcaccgtagcactttggaatgccttcctcacaattctccaaatcgccctccctcccacgctgggaacttcagggtttgcagtgcttttcaggagctgcactctcagcctgaacaggacccctgtgggccagcctcttcacccttttgagatgctactctcagacttcctagccctgctgcctgtggggtcaaccagatgccccacagaatgctggggctcaagcctatagaataattctgggactctatggttaattcaggtctaggagggcagcctggctagtggatcacttctcactgagtggagaggtatttctttgcaagatttggtaggcagaaccacgctgaaatgtcttttagggtgacccactcatgttgaacacagggccagtgcagggttcccagctagctatacactatcactgaccctgggagcttgagccgtgtgtctgggctcttgcatgtggtctcaactgtccatgtttccttcatggtaccacctcaggtctacagcaccgcaagagttgggtggggaaaggtgctctgtaccctgtgtgcccctccagctactgtgccactctttccacaggctctgtgGAAAGGAGAGAGTGCAGTGCACCAGGGAAGGCCCAGAGATACTGGTGTGTGCTGGAATAATCTGATGGTGTTTC
>Human| chr5:97565650-97567149 | element 200418 | negative
gctgggggaagagcattaaggaaaagaattaatgtatctggacttaatacccaggtgatgcgtcgataggtgcagcaaaccaccatggcacatgtttatctatgtgacaaacctgcacatcctgtacatgttccccagaacttaaaaaaataaaataaaataaaaaacaaattcaattaaatgtttaaaatatgtatctaaaatgatcatttacagagatgttgaaattattgttgtggacaaaatataccatgcatatattaaacaaacaaaagtgttagtttacttaaattaatacaagacaaaatagaatttaaagcaaaaaattactagagtttaacagggtcactttataataactaaagtttcaatttacctagcattcttaagaaatctaaatttctatgtacttaagaatggggtctcaaaaatgaagaaaatatttgcagatctataaggataaatagaaaaaataatcaacaaacccttagctagactaactaaggaaaaaaggagatgagtcaaatagataaaatcaaaaataaatgtagagaaattaaaatggacacctcagccgcagaaaggattgcaaggaactactatgaacagttaaatgccaacaaatttgataacctagaaaaaatagtcaaatttctagaaaaatacaacttcccaagattaaatcgggaagaaagagaaagcctgaccagactaacaacaaagagattgaagtagtaaataagaacctctcagcaaagaggaccagatcattttacagatgaattgtatcaaactttcaaagaagaaagtatactaatacttttcctcatccaaaatatagagccagagagaatactctcaaacaaattttacaatgccagcatcaccttgatacctaatccagacaaagacaacacaagatgagaagcctacaagccaatttatctgatggacattgatggaaaaatactcaataaaatgttagcaaatcaaatttaacaatacatccaaaagattatatatcatgatcaagtaggatgtatccctggcatgcaaggaaggctggtttaacacatgcacatcaatcaatgtgatgcatcacactaacagactaaaagacaaaaacacatagtcaataaattgatgcagaaaaaaattcaacaaagtttaatatcatttcttgatgaaaactcttaacagtttaggtacagaataaaagttcctcaatataataaagcccatttatggaaaaactcacagctaacatcagaatcaatgatgggaaactgaaagcgttttctttaagatctgcagggcctggatgcccactcttgccacttttattcaacacagttaaggaagtactaccaacagaagttaggcaagaaacaaaattaatggtatcgatatcagaaaggaagaaataacattacctctattcgcagatgacatggtcctgtatgtagaaaaccccaaagactccatcacaaaacttttaga
>Human| chr10:115668432-115669931 | element 200419 | negative
AAAATAAAGCTATGCTCCTTACTTACTTCTTTTATTATAAACAAATTCCTTTGCTTTGGCTGATACTAGCTGAGTCATTGATCATCATTGGTACCATGATATTGTAATCTATGCTGCTATTTGGCACAAGACTGAAGTTCACACTACAGTAGAGAATACTATAAGATAATTTGCAATAAATACTGATAATAATAATACCAGATATTTTAACTAACTTTTTCTACCTTTATTAATAGCAATCAGCACACTTGAATGTGTAAATTTCACAGTAACTTTAGGCAGAACTTAAGCTCCAGGCCACATTTGTATAAGAACACCAAGTATTCAAGGCATAAAGTCTGTTGTAAGCCAAAAAAAAGTCTTTTCATCACTGTAGAAGCTTAAGGAGTACATCAGTGGTAAATACGATCTTTATTCTCTTCTGTGGTTTTCTCAGTTGAGATATTTTTAAAAGAGAGTTTTGATCtatttttattataaattatttgttatttaaCATACCATTATGAATGCCTTAAAACTTTGTACAGATAAAGTTGGACATAGAATCTCTAAGGACTGACTCCTTTAACTGTTTTTGAGTGACTACATTACCAGATAATGAATGAGTCCCCAGAAATATTATGACTTTCAAGGAAAAAGGGACTTTAGGACACATTACTTAGTGTCTGTGATAAATAATTTATTGTGACAGCTAAATCTGATGGTTACATATCTTGTTTTGGAAATGTACATTTCACTTGTAAGCATTAAATGCAGATTTGTTGAGTTTAGGTTTTGAGGTTTTTTTCGTTCCCATATTCAGAATTTAAATTATGATCATTTATTGTGATGTTTTTAAAAATCACTTTTAAGCCTTAAAAGTGAAATTTTCAGTGTGAGGTGCTTTCATGCTATTAATAGATACAGTATATCCTAATATATTAGTCTTCAAAATATTAAGGCCGAAACAGTGATTTAATGATACTATTTTTTAATTTTTGTTGTTTTTTATCCCTAAAAAAAGATATTGGAAAGGTTTTTTTTCTATTGTCATAATTTATAACTACTTAAAAGCCTAATCTTGTTTTCCTTAAGACCTATTCAACATGTTTGTGATTTAATCAGCTTACAAGGGTTTAAAAACATCAGGTGAACCATGTTTATTTATTCAGTAAATATTTATAGACAATATGGCATAATATGCTTCCCTTCCCTGTAAAAACAGTGCTAAATTTGAAGTGTAATCTTTTTTAAACATCATTGTCTATTTTTAATTTTGTTTGAAATGTAGTATTAGTTTGTTTTATTCATAAGGTTAGCTGAATCTCTGAAGTAAGGATGTATAAATCATGACATTGATTTAATTAGTCATCTACTGAAGCTACTTTTAAAGAGAAATATAGATATAAAATTAAAAGGAATCCTGTTTAAAATTATATGTAATTACCTCATAAACCTTTTCTCTCCACAAGCAATCAAAAAAATGAAATGTTCTGTAATAAAAGGGTGTATAACATA
>Human| chr16:12715654-12717153 | element 200420 | negative
CTAGGACACTGCTTCTCAGACATTAGGCCAAGATAGCACCAAGAAAAAGGAAACCCCCACATGGGAACCTACCCTTCTCTAGGTAAAGagctattgtgcgcgatgccttaaatagatgctcatttaattatcacagctatttctcaagtcagaactgtcatcaccattttacagaaaacaagtgagtcaaaggcaaacatctgggaagctgtggggctaggatttgGTGGACTGCTACCCCAGCAGAAAACTGGGGATGCAGGGGTGAGTCCCACGAGGCAGGGTTCACCCCATGCCCCTCTTCCCGAGATGATCACAGTACTTGTCTCCAGGGTCTGTGGTCCTACCAGAGTCTAATCCACAGTATGTAAAGCAAGttttttttttttttttggagaaggagtctcattctgtggcccaggctggagtgcagtggtacgatcttagctcactgcaaactgcacctcctggattcaagcaattctacctcagcctcctgagtagctaggattacaggcacccaccaccacgcctggcttttttgtgtttttggtagagatggggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtctccaactcctgacctcagcagatccacccacctcagcctcccaaagcgctggaattacaggtgtgagctaccgtgcccggccAAGAGCCCTTTCATTATCATGCACTTGACCCATGATGAGCCATTCTGGAAGCCACTGTGTTGGGATCATTCGGCCCCCACCTTGCTCTAGCAGTGCAGGAAGACCATCTCTATTTCCACACGCAAATCTCTTacaagcctatggccaaggtgttatcatttccatttcacagattaaaacaataaccaaggttaccatcgcatgtctaaaaccaccaagcaagtcacccgcagagttggggcactaaaccacaccctgaagctggggtttactctgaacactTTTTAGGGGGAGGGGGGAAGgacatggagtctcgttctgtcaggaggctggagtgtactggctgcaatctcggctcactgcaacctctacctcctgggttcaaacaattcccctgcctcagcctgagtagctgggactacaagtgcctgccactacgccaagcaaatttttgtagttttactagacacaaggtttcaccatattggccagactggtctcaaatttctgaccttgtgatcctcccacctgggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccactgtgcccggccTattccttcattcttacaggtgaacaccattatcggacacctcctgggtactgaggcaactgggacacagaaatgaatcagacacgAACTTGTCAGAAAAAAACCTGAAAGCTTAAAAAGCAGCCCAAGATGGCTGTAGGTTGGACATACAGATAATAGAAACTAAGCCTATGAACGAAATCTGAACGCTGGCCACCGAGGCTGGAGTTCCTCAGCTACTTCACTGCTGTGCAACGGGTGCCTATCAGAT
>Human| chr18:38283094-38284593 | element 200421 | negative
tgatagactgaataaagaaaatgtgggacatacacaccatggaatactatacagccataaaaaagaatgagttcatgtcctttgcagggacattgatgaagctggaaaccattctcagcaaactaacacaggaacagaaaaccaaacaccacatgttctcactcataagtgggagttgaacaatgagaacacatggacacagggatgggaacatcaaacaatggggcctgtcatggggtggggtcgaggggagggagaacattaggacaaatacctaatacatgcaaggcttaaaacctagattacaggttgatgggtgcagaaaaccaccatggtacatgtatacctaggtaagaaatctgcatgttccacacatgtatctcagaacttaaagtaaaataaaaTAACATAAAATAAAAAGAGGTCACAGCTTTTcaaaggacatgaacagacatttttcaaaagCTGTGACCTCCTAAGTATAGCccatggatttctcatctttcattagattagcacagaatgttcaacatgatagtaggctttcaagagaaaaggcaggggaagcatgcaaagcctcttgaatttcgggctcaaagtcacgtacatttcctgttgcattcaattggtcaaagcgatgtacaaagtcagtttcaagactggaaaaatcaactcagttgcttaagagtggagcttcaaagtattgtggccattttttgcaaactactacaATATTTTTAAAGTGTATTCTCTTTATAGTGAGATAGAAATAACATATTGAAAAAATGTATAGATACAAATATATAAAGacatacacacatacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacaGTCTTTTTTGTAGCTGAATGGTTACAAGGTCAGTCCTTCTCCATGCTGGGAGAAAGATTAAAAATCCACTCTCCTTCCTCACAGTGTTATTCAACACCTCCTACAAACCAAATCTAACCCTCCTATTCCCATGCTCTTCTATATACTGAGATATGCAAATAGGCATTAGAGAAGGTTTTGGAAGAAAAATGTAACAGATAACTTTTCTACACACTTCTTTGCTTATTACAAACTTGAAACTTATGTCTACTCAGAGAGGTAAAAGACACTCTGGGTCCATTTGATGCCCTGCGAGCTTCCTCTCTACCTGTGTCTGTAGTGGTGTCTCTAAAACAAAGCCTTCTAAACCTTACTGATTATTAGATGCACATAGGGAATTCGAGCCAAAATCCAATATACAATGAATTAAAAGCTTTGGGGATATGGTCAAAGTGTTCTTAGTTTTTAGTATCATTGACAAATGAAGAAATTATGTTAAAGATAATTCAAGTTATCTGTTCAAATTCAACAAATATCCCTAGAAGAGTTGACAATAAAATTCTAAGGATCTGGAGTCCTTGCTCAATTTCTCAATTCCTTGAGTACCCACAAGGAATAAAATTCATTTTATTCACATCAGAATCTTCTAATGAAATTCCAA
>Human| chr2:223461814-223463313 | element 200422 | negative
AGACTAATGCGGCCAATGATGGTGATAGGGGGTGAAAGTAAATCTCCTGCCCTTTTCCAAAGAAAGCCCGTTAGATATACTGAAATACATACTGATTCAGGCTGCCCATGTGTAAAAAGCTTTTCATGTTCATAAATCTTGGACATTTCATACATGGAAAAACTTCAAAAGATTACAATGTTCTACTATGACAGCCAATGTAGATTCAAAAGGAACCACAAGTCTGAGTCTGTAAATATTCATGCTAAATCAAAAACCAAAATAACAACCTGGCCTAACAAAATTGAACATAAAGACCTACAACCACATCAGAAGTAGTGACAGTTTAGGAATGTGTATTTCCTAATTAAAAAAAAAAAATTCTAAACAAAAACAGCAGACATCTACATGTTAGGAAACTAGATACTAAGTATTATATTCTGTATGGGTGCTAAATTATATGGAATTCAAATTATAACATCATAAGTTTAGAATTAGAAAAACCTGACTTTTAAGCAGAAGATCAACACAAATTAGCTGTATCACAAAAAGTTCCAAGTGGCACTATCACAAAATTTTCCAAATGATGaatgctgtggcttctatcttcttaaggtttcttaaatcagtcctttccttggatcctatgagcacgatccaggccaagtcctcattatcactcctctacaatgtgctaaaatcccttcccaccattctcttcacctctgctctccatcccacccaacctacatattgctgctaaattaatccttttaaagtacagatctaatatcacctacctgctttaaaAGAAGAAAAAAAAGAAGCTTTAATGCTTTTCTCCTAACTAGCTGCAGCCTTTCCCTAGCATTCAAGACTCCAAATATAGTTTCAAGCTCCTTCCTCACCCTATAGCCAAACCACACTACACTGTCTGCTGTGTTTCCAAACATACAGCCTGTGTTTCCTATCATTAGTTTGCCTTGCTTCCCCTGTCTCCACCTATTCTTCCAAAGGCCCATCTCACTTTGCAGAAACTCCCTATTGTTTTTCTGGATGCCCTGAAGAAGTTGCACTTTCTTCCTCTTCGGAAACATCAAGACAATCATTTTAACATCTTGGTTTGAGGGTCGGTATGTGGTGGTCTTTTCCCTGGCTGGTTGCTTGACAGCAGCACCTGTGTCCTACTTATCATTGTCTTTTCTGAAGTCTGCCTTATAACTAGGAACTCACACTCTTCTGATAAATAAATATCTAAGGAACTGATTGAAGCAGGAGAAGTCACAATATTAAGATACCAGTTTACAGAAATATTATCCATCTAAAGGTTACACAAAGCATCACATCCACCACAAGCTATGCTCTCATTTACCATTTCAGCTCTTTGCAACCTTTCAAGTATGAAAGAAATTGGACCTCACGTTCAGGACGCAATCTGCATCAAATTTTTATCTAGCTAAACTGTTTAAGAAATAAGATTTCTGAGAAGATTGTGCATGGAAGGAAAAGAAATGCTTCACA
>Human| chr2:42792527-42794026 | element 200423 | negative
tgttgcctaggctcaaatgatcctcctgccttggcctcccaaaatgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccatgcctagccACCTATAGCTTTCTTGCTGCATCCACTTCTCTTCAACTAAATGGTAAAGAACTACCTTGTATGTGGTTCTTTAATTGCAACAACTGTGCAAGGAAATTTCATCCATGGAAGGGCTGGATTTGCCCTGGGATTTCTGGCATGGCCTGAGAGACACTTCTTCCTTAGTGATGAGAATAACTGGAATAGAGAGAAGGGACctaacgcatatgaagcgcccaacaagtgccaaacaccttctatatttaaattttaccaggctgggcatggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcattttgggaggctgggcaggcagatcacttgaggtcaggagttccagaccagtgtggccaacatggtgaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagccagacgtggtgatgggcacctgtagtcccagctgcttgggaggctgaggcaggagaattgcttgagcctcggaggtggagcttgcagtgagccgaatccgaatcgtgccattgcactccagcctgggcagcgagagcgaaactccgtctcaaaaaaaatttttttttctaccataagcctttgaggtaggtatcaaccagtagtcatattttgtaacccctcttgaggctcagaggggttaagtaacttgctcaaggtctttatagttaaactgccaaactaggagtgaagttagggctggttgatgacaagtttgtggtctaaaccaTGTAGCTAAGAAGGGAGAGGCGCCTTTGCTTTTTTAAAGGTGCAGGCTTTCCACCCGTCTTTGGTTGAAAGGTTTCTTTCAATCTACAAACATTTGCTGAACTCCTTTATGTGTGAACCTCTCTGGAATTAGGACATATAAAAGTTTCACAAAGTCCTTGTATTCAGCTCTTCTGATTCTTTGAGTCCACGATTTGTTGGTATTTATTCTTCAGATACTGAGCATCTACTGTGTCAGCTCAGAAATGTAGAGGACATTGGCCTAGGAGCTGGACATGGAAGAGACTAATATATAGAATCTAGAGCAAAAAACGGTTCTAAGGCCTGCCACCATCATTACCTCCTGCTAGTCCCCTTCAAGTCTTTGAGGCCTTTCATGGGGGGCTTCTGGATGAGGCTGTTCCTAAGGGGACATAGGGAGGAGTTTTCTCGGCATCTTTCACCATTTATTGTGGTTAGCACAGTCATCATAAACACCTGGCAAGAGCACTAAGCTTGGGAAATGAGACAGGCACACAATGAATTAACAAAAACAGGGAAAGATTTCGAAGGAGGAGAAATTGCTTATGAAAAATTAATGGGAAAACATCCTAAAGCTTGTGATCCACTTCTTTGCACTTTATGGTTTCTAGGTGGCTTTTGTACTTGGAGAaacactgtggttcagaacattctaggccagaggaaagggctgattcata
>Human| chr3:125671715-125673214 | element 200424 | negative
ttcaagactttttcccactAAGCCTTCCTCAACCACAGCTAGAACACTTCCCCATACCTGATGAAATGACACCTCATTACAGATTCAAAAATACCTTTGAAGATATTCGCCTTGAAAGGTGAAGGCCAAGTTTCACCTTGAAAGCTGAAGGTCAAGGTCTGCTTTGGGGAAAAGGGTAAATGGAGCTACCTGGGAATGTTACTGATCAGGCCTGGGTCTTTTATCTCACAGTCACATTAGCCTTCCCACCTAATTCCATTTTTAGGGTTTAAGCTTTTTCTATTTTTAttttttattttatttatttatttttttgagatggagtcttgctctgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggtgccatcttggctcactgcaagctccgcctcccgggttcacgccattctcctgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgggactacaggtgcctgccaccatgcccggctatttttttgtatttttagtagagacggggtttcaccgtgttatccaggatgctctcgatctcctgacctcgtgatccacccgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccactgcacccagccGGGTTTAAGCTTTTTAATTCTTTTCCAACACAATCCCTGTCTGGCCATGTGTTGTTACTATCTTGTTATTTCAAGTTTCTCTCCAGCTGGGTAAATCTTCATTCTGTGTCCTAGCCCTGGGCTTTTCTCTTTGGTTTCCTCTCATCTGCCCGGGAGGCCAGCTTACCCTCCCACCCCTCTATTCACATCTCACTCAACTCTTCCCACTTCTATACTTTTCACCACTTTCATACTTTCTACTTCCTCCCTTCCTTCCACTGCTCTTGGAATGATGGCTTTTGAATTTTTTGCCTTCACCAAAACTGGATGACTTCTCCCTCTGCTGAAGGAGGGCGGGGGGCTGGGGGAAGTCGTGAAAGCCCCAAAATGCCATCTTTCGTCTCATTTTCTATTTCTAGCACATATTCTGTTTATAATTCTGCCTCCCTCATAGCAGATTGACACAGCACTCTGCTTAGTTCCCAGAATAAATGCAATTCAAGAATGAGAGGCAAATCCAGGCTCCCAGGATTCTTCTGCAGTCAGGCATTTGTTAGGGTTTTTTCTGCTAGCATTTGAGGAGTGTCTCTGCTGGTAGCCCTGCTTCTCTGAACCCATCTTCTACTGTCCTGAAAATGCCTTCCATACAGGATTTTCTTCATGGTAGATTTCCTTTCCTGATCATGTCTGGACTAAGCTTATATCAAAGGCAGTTTTTATTCCCCACACATACATTGACTGTGCCACAAAAGATATTTAAATATTTGTTGGATAAACAAATGAATACTAGCATATTAAATGATAAGTCATAACCTGAGTTTGTGGGAAGCCAATTTGGAATTATAGTTAATCCACAAAATAAAAAATACATGTAAAAATTTACATTTTCAAATTAAAAACCAATTTTATATGACATTCAATATCT
>Human| chr1:102182284-102183783 | element 200425 | negative
gtcattatttattcaaatattattttggttctccaatcccatcctttgaggacttcaaatgaaattgttctatagctttgtgatgctctttgtatttttaaaaatgtatttttaaaaatgtatttttctctgtatgtttcattttggatgtctatatttatataccttcaagttccccaatcttttatttcacaatgtctaatctaccactaatcctggctaatatactttaaatttccagcatggtcatttgcatttttagaaactcaattgaattctttttttagcatctgctacgtcttcttttaacttcttttaactttttggacatatggaatgtcattatcatgagggtttcaatgtctttgtttgctaattctaatgtctatgtcaattctgggtcaatttcacctaattcattattctccttattatggcttatgctttcctaaattttttacatgcctggtactctaattaaaagctagatattgtgaatttcaccttgtttggtgctggataattttgtacttctataaatcttttacaatttgtttttaactacttggaaatggtttgatctttttggaactggtgcattataaaaataatttgtcagtagcttaggagcactgtttagtctataattaattttcagctattgaggcactaccttcctgggcactctacccagtgtcctgtgaaatcagaggttttgcagtctggttggtcagaacacaaacatttcttggccctatgtgaatgttggaccctacttattctaattattttggacagtgttttctagccttggacaattttctcacacacttgctttgatctagtgatctactgatctactgctgaatgccaataagggtgggatgtgaaggtggaatgtggccctctacagaggagtaggggcgtttctctgtacagctgtatcttccttggttaactttttctttgaacactagctgtcttaattctccaggaatctcagctctgtctcttcacctcatggagtctgccaggtttcaccctcagttccttccctgtcatagtttaaaatctctttcaaggccaataagatggggctcacctcatttgtttTTTTGTTTTTGtttgcttgttttttcaattgtttaaggagggagggtgaggggtaaatttgatctctgttattccatcttggctgaaaATGTATGACAATTATATATTTTTTTAAttaaaatattacctatatgttttcactttgtacatactcttttgaaacttactttttctactcaatcatatatgtcaagatttatacctccagactcattagtgtatttcattttaactgttatttagtaGACATATTATGCTAATACTTGTTTTCTTATCAATAACTTTGCATATTTTCAACCAGTTGCCATTATTATAATGGAGCAGTTCACATTACGAATTTtcagattttttatctgtaaaatgctgatagcaatagcagagttgtta
>Human| chr4:183412523-183414022 | element 200426 | negative
AAAATTGCAGTGAAATTTATGTGTGTGTGTGTGTGTCTTTTGTAGAAAAGTTATTACAATTTACGATCAAACTCACTAGCCATAAATGTTTTTGATTAATTTATATAAACATGATACTGTGGTAGTTTTGGTATGTAGaatatttatatttatatttttGTCAGTATATTTCATTAATGTTCAAATGGTAGTGGCGGATAGTGTTTTCAAATTTGTTGAAGGATTGCGTTGAAATTCTTGAAACATGGTAGTGAAAATTGCATTTTTTCCAGTCTTTTCTTTTAAAGGTGAATTATATTCAGTTGATTATAAGAAGTCCCAAGGAAGTACTTTTTACTAGCTTTAAACTGTTCACCATAGATGTTAATGTGGGACACCTACAGAATCCACTTTTGACATGGGGCAGGTTGCAATAGTATTGCATTACACTGTCAGCAGGTGCTGCCATGGACATTGGTGTAAAGTAAGAAGGAAGGGATTGGGATGCAGAACAGTAATTGGAAAGAGAGAAATAAATCCTTCTCTTTCAGTTGCTTCACTGATTCCCAATGTTCCAGGTAAAGTGCACCTGCTGAGTGCCTGAGAAGAACAGGTACATGCTAGCCCTCCATTAATTTCAGAGGAATGGCAGTGGACTGCATCTACCCAGCAGGTGTGCTGAGCTGAAGGAAGAAGATGGATGGGGACAGAGTATAGAAAAGAAAGCAGGTAGCCCAGATAGGGTGGTTCTCAAAATAAGAGACAATAAGGGTAGGATCTCTCCTTATAAGCTTGAATTTATCCTCCTCTAATTCCTAGTGGCACTATACATTTTAATAGTATTTGAAGCCACGTTAGAATTATGACAGCATATGTTAAAATTGTGCAAGTGGTTCAGTAATATAAGCTAACATTTCCTGAAATGATTTAAAAATCTGGCAGACTGCAAAGTTATCCTGATAAGGAACTTGGTTTTGATTACAGTAATGAGATATACGGGATGGTGTCAGAAACTGTCTTCCAGTTGACACAATAATCCATAATTTATAGATTGGCTTAAAAATTAAAAGACAAAGTCAATTATAACTAATTATGATGCTACATTTGCTCGAGGAGTTACTATATCCTTTGGGATAAAGGAAGTAATATTCATGTCAGTCAGGAATCTTTAGCTACAGTTTCCTGGTTCTATCTTAAGAATTTTTCAGTTTCGTTTCATGAGAATCCTAAGCCACTGAAAGCCTGAAACCCTGCTATTTTTAGAAATACTGTAGTAGCTTCTGTGTATCACTGCACATTTGTTCCTATTCTGAACTTCTTATCTGTGCCAAATCTTCAGAGAGGTTACTGGAAGTTTTGCTCGATGACTGCTGAATCAGTCAGAAGTGAATTTTAAATTATGCAGGAGAAAATAACAATAAACTGAGTTACAGCATCAAGATATCATTGTTATTTCTGTTGATACTGGTTTCATCACTTGATAGGATTTAAATACCCAGACTATTGCATATTTACTAAAGT
>Human| chr6:89084619-89086118 | element 200427 | negative
TTGGGGTCTGTAAAGATGAGTGTAGATACGTTTTCTAGAGTTCAGCATCAGGAAGTAAAATGATGATTTCTTAATAAATTTAGCTATGATTTAGTGAGCAGTGACATGGACTTGGTGAAAAGATTTCATTTCTAGCACAGCACATGCTCCTTTCCCACCTTGTGGCATCTCCAAGGCTCAGATTCATTATGTGAAAGCAGAAAGCAATACTTCAACAGCTGGTATAAAAATGAAATTAGATGATAGAGACATTTACATACATATACATATATACTGAATATATGTGTATATGCTATCTTTGTAAAGTGAATACATAGAATTTTATAAAATGTGAGTCCCTATGGAAATGCTCTTGTTGGTCCCCATCACGATGCTGAGCAGAGCTCTGGCAGGGGAAGGGTCCTGGGCAAGGCTTACACAGACCTCTTGGATCCCACACAGCCAGCACAGCCAGCTTCCTATTTCCTGAAGAGCAACATAGTTGAATCTGGGGCACCAGTTCTTCCCACTCTGTTCTCTTTCCTCCTTCCCAGTGTGACCCCTTTCTGTTATCAATCAATGAGTGTGACCATCAGAGAATCCCACTGTGGCCACTGAGATGCTCTTTTACAACAACATGCAGTGTGGATTCTGCCAAAGACTCCCCTACCTACACTTATTTTGTCAGAGAAAACCACTGACAATGTTCAGCCCACTCTACACCGTTGTTTTATTAAGTGAAATCCATAATCCATAGAAACCAGGAATGTTAAATTGTTAATAGTACCTTAAAAGTTTCACTTCTTCCCTTTAATTATTTCATTGAACTTTAAAGGAGGCAAAAGATTATAATTTGTAATCATAAATTTGTATTGTTTCCTTAATTTGATTTGATATATCCCAAGATATACCTTATGTACtttttttttttttttttgagacagaatgccactcggtcgcccaggatggagtgcagtggtgtgatctcagctcactgaaacctctgcctcccgggttctagcaaatctcctgcctcagccttccaagtagctgggattacaggtgcctgctaccatgagcagctaaattttttgtatttttagtagagacagggtttcaccatgttgttcatgctggtcttgaacccctgacctcaggtaatccacctgccttggcctcccagagtgctgggattacaggtatgagccgctgagctcagccTGTATCTGATATACTTTATATGAAAAAAATACAGTTGTAAAAGTAATATATGTTTGTGGTTAAAAAAAGGAAACTAGAGAAAAGTATGAAGATCAAAATACAGACAATGACTTCTAATATGTTGATGTATTTGTTTCCAATATAGTCACTTTTTATGTACTTGGGATTTTTTTCAGAAGTACAATTTTGTATCCTGTTTTTCTCTATAATTTTATAGTGAGATCATTTTCATATGCAAGTGTAAAAAATCAGAGGTTAGCAGTAGAAAAAGTGAGTGAAAGGGAATTCAGCACCTCTGCA
>Human| chr13:23253891-23255390 | element 200428 | negative
caccatcaccaccatcctcaccagcaccatcagcaccacaacattaatcaccattaccaccactatcaccaccaccatcagcaccatcaacgccaccaccatccctatcaccatcaccatcaAATGCATACATGCACAGTCTTTCCAACCCTCAGTTTCTATGAATGAAAAAACTGAATCTGTCAGCAGGTGATAGAATAAATAATAATCCACAAACCTATTAGCTCACATAATACAATTTACATTGTGTTTGTATTGGGTTACAGTAGACATTTAAAATATTTCAGTAAGACAATAACTGAAAAGCTAATAGTAAGCAATAATTTGTATTGAGACCTCCACTGGAGTCAGGTTGTGCTCGCAATCTGAATGCCTTTGCTCATGACGTTACCAGAGGGAAGAGAGAAAGGATGTTACAATATGGTCTCTGACAATAAGCTACTGCAGGGGCTATCAAATACAATGATTTTTAAAAATCCTAATATTGGATGTATACCATGCAGTTTGTGCAGATAGCAGATAACACAATGGTTCACAAGAAATAAAAGAATCTAAAATATAAAGCCAAGCAGGTCTCATAAGAACTTAAAATAGGCTATGAAAAAAATTGAATTTAGATGAGGTGAGAGGAAAGAGTATTGTGGGGGAAATATATTTTTCAAAGTCACTGGAccctaatatttgtggaatacaaggtaagggttcagatggagacccacatgctaggtgtctaaatattttaaaattatcaaacaacctaacaaactgtttatcattccactctaataaatagctttaaaacaacaacttgaatctgggtttaaattcagcagtatcaggctctcaaaaagtctaagctggaacatggagcagctcctgtccttctctaacctccctctgcatcatctcaccctgcaagggatctctttcctgcacttttggatacactggtctaaacatctaaattccagccatattcgacctctgcaaatccaccttccagttatccctgaggcctaatggttcgcataccagctgcacggtctgccctcaggaggagtgaacaatgaacacaggaagaggccacatagatgctggaaggtccaggatcccagataaccttggtctaaaaggagcacgcaggcaccaattagcatgtccttagccccatgactttcttggcctggagagaggtgcttggccagaggagaccagaacagggacctctctaaaactcagagcccagggcaagtctttcttgcctgggtttaagtgtactgagaggtgaagccagccggacttcctgggtctagtggggacttggagaactttcctacaaaaggtttgtaaaatgcaccaatcagtgctctgtagctagctagaggtttgtaaaatgcaccaatcagcactctgtaaaaatgcaccaatcagccccctgtagctagaggtttgtaaaatgcaccaatcagtgctctgtaaaatggaccaatcaacactctg
>Human| chr13:113330674-113332173 | element 200429 | negative
tgaagtgtagccagagtatagaagtatgcagcaagtttagaaactcaccgtcgattgcagcaggatgccaaagggtggcaggagggatgtctccagaaaaaAATAGAATGGCACTGACAAATACGAGTGTATGGCTGTGACCGGAGTATAGAAGtatgcagcaagtttagaaagtcaccgtcaattgcagcaggatgccaaagggtgacaggagggatgtctccagaaaaaAATAGAATGGCACTGACAAATACGAGTGTATGGCTGTGACCGGAGTATAGAAGtatgcagcaagtttagaaagtcaccgtcagattgcagcaggatgtcaaagggtgacaggagggatgtctgcagaaaaaaaatagaatggcactgacaaatacgagcgtatggccgtgaactagtagaaactatacagaaagctaagaaaatgaggccgggcacagtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcaggaggatcacttgaggttaggagttcgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattaaccaggcatggtggcgggcccctgtaatcccagctacttgggaggctgaggcaggaggatcgtttgaaccagggaggcggaggttgcagtgagctgagattgtgccactgcactccagcctagacaacaaagtgagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaacctaagaaaatgaaagatggaggcaatgattatcttcaaggaaaaaaggtggtataagaaagaagatgcagtgaaaatgcatgaacaacacaggggcagcgtgtagcacatgcacggacatgcagctatgagaatgtaatcttgttaccatcacaggcagagattgaatggagaccggtgtggcctctgtggggacacgtgcagtagagagaggtagaggtaggagcacgaatgagctaaatatttatcttcctatgtaactggtgctgttgaaattttcaaaatcatgctataagcacataatttggaaatatggacacaataaaggtagaagagcaaagagctatgagtgattgtctctgcagggggctctggagtaggtgatgacaaggacatcgggttattcttacaggccgggtagcaccattttcttttaaaactatgcaaatgcagccaggcgcactggctcatgcctgtaatctcagcactttgagagccggaggcatgtggatcacctgaggtcaggagtttgagaccagcctgacaacatggtgaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatataaaaattagctgggtgtggtggtggcgcatgcctgtaatcccagctactctagaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttaaacccgggaagcagaggttgcagtgagtcaagatcacgctgctgcattccagcctgagcgacagagcaagactccaactcaaaaaaaaaaaaagcattt
>Human| chr3:174088214-174089713 | element 200430 | negative
ataccccactctcagtaatggacagatcatccagacagaaaatcaacaacaacaaaacagcagagttaaactacacactagatctgataggcctaactgatatttacataacatttcactcagctgctacagaatacacattctttccatctgtacataaaacatcctccagaataaaacatgtcttaggcatggtctttataaaacaaaactgaacaaattcaaaaaattggaaatcatttcaagtatctttgctaaacacaatggaataaaagtagaaaacaataagaagaaatatgaaaaattatcaaacacacagaaattaaaaacatgcttttgaatgactgataaaccatgaagaaattaggaagaaaattttaatatgtcttgaaacaaataaaaatggaaatacaacataccaaaatctatgagatatggcaaaagcagtactaagactgatgtttatagcaagaaacacctatatcaaaaaagtggaaaaattcaaataaacaaccttatgatgcacacaatggaactagaaaagcaagaataaacggaaacaaaagtttgtcaaaggaaagaaataacaatcagagcagaaataaatggacactaaaacaaaatcaatgaaacagtaagttgggttttttaaagataaacagaatcaacgaacctttagcacgactaataaaaaagagaaaagacatcaataaataaaatcagaaggaaaaaaggagacataataactgagacctcagaaataaaaagaatcatcagatgctatcgtgaacaactatatgccaacaaattggaaaacttagaaaaaaatggataaatttctggacacatacaacctaccaagattgaaccatgaagaaatagaaaacctcaataaaccaataatcagtcacaagattgaagccataataaaaagtctttcaacagagaaaagcccatgacctgatgtcttcactactggattctaccaaacatttaaacgagaaccaataccaatcctactcaaactgttcaaaaaaatgaagaggaaggaatatttccaaactgattgtagaaggccagcattaccctgaaaccaaaaccagacaaggatacaacaaaaaaagaaaaccacaggccaatatcacggatgaacataatgcaaaaatcctcaaaaaaatactagcaaaccgaatttgacagcacattaaaaagatcattcaacatgatcaagtgggattcatcccggggatgtaagaatgattcaacatacactaatcaataaacaggctacatcacattaatagaaccaagaacaaaaaccacatgattatgtcaattgatattgaaaaagcacttgataaaatttaacatccttttatgataaaaactctcatcaaaatggctgtagaaggaacatacctcaaaataatataggtcatgtatgacaaactcatagctaacattgcaataaatggggaaaaaaattgaaaactgtttctc
>Human| chr9:122736084-122737583 | element 200431 | negative
TCTGCCTCAGATTTATGTTCCTGAAATCCATGTATATTGAGTTGGTAAGcaacaaatacttgtcaagtgtggactgtgggacacatatagtgctgagacctaaggatacaacagagaactagagaaaacttgtacctgacctcccacaacttatgtccaCACTGTGAGCTCCTTCAAGATAGTTGTTCTAATGCACTTCCCAGCATGGTGCTGATGGAAGTACAAGGAGACAAGGccaacatttattgagcacaagccaccctgcttatacttccttatttcatattagaaacaatgcaacaaagctagcatttttgtgtcccctttcagagatgagcaaactggagttcaaagaagtgaaacagcttgccaatgtttactcaacccatttgtggtgagtccagtctccaaacacaggaccgattccaaagcctcaactctagttccacactgtactgctctcctgGCACAGAGTTCGGACTTGTTGAATAAATCCCTGATATGCACCAAGTCAAATGCTCTTATTGTGTGTCTTCAATTTCTTTCACAGTAACAGGATAGGATAGAATGTCTTTGACTTTAATGACATTGAATGGCTGAGTCCACATTCCTGGGTAGATCCGTGATACACAGAATGTAAGGCCCATGGAGTCTGGATCTGGCCTGCCTTGGTAACATTGGGCCCTGTGGGAGCTCAGTGCATGAAATTCCCTGAGAGACCtttttttttttttgaaacggagtctcactctgcctcccaggctggaatgcaatggtgtgatcttggctcactgcaacctccacctcctgggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctcctgagtggctgggattacaggagcccaccaccatgtccagctaatttttgtatttttagtagtgatggggtttcaccatgttggccacgctggtcatgaactcccaggctcaagtgatctgcccgcctcggcctcccaaagtgttgggattacaggtgtgagttaccacacctggccTCCCTGAGAGACTTTAGCAGTGATGCTGCAATTGACATTGAATGGGACATTGCATTAACCGTGAGTGAGTAGAATGCTGATCCGATCCAAGTCCTCACTCCTCACCTTCTCAAGTTCAAAGAATATAAACTTAGTACGACTTTTCACAAGAGAAATTTCTCAAAGCCAACATGATCTCCATGGGCTGAAAGTATAACTAGCAACTGTGCCATAGGCCTAGGAAAAGGCAAATGCACTGCCCCATCTGACCCGTTGGCCAGAGCAATGCCATTGAAATGGGAGAATCCAGGGCCATAACTTTAAGGAATCTGTGAAGATATAAAAAGAGAAGAAGATTTTCATTGCTATTCTATTTCTATTTATAAAAAGTAACTGTTGAATATATAAATAAACCCAATTTAAAAATAGGAAACATATTTTGAATCATGTGGGCTTGAAATGCGCTGCTAGATTTCACACCTCTCTCATCCAGGCCTTGAGGTGG
>Human| chr7:118402154-118403653 | element 200432 | negative
ACACAAAGCTCTAGATGAATCAATTCTATCAAAAACATGTTTGCTTTGCTCTAAAAAAAATGAAAGCAATATAATACACATCTTCAAGACACACTGCTATTTCTACATTTAAAAATTGCCGCATTTAGTAAGGGGACAAAAAAAAAAGACAAAAAGATATAGAAAAAAAATACAAACCAAAGGAAAATCCCCGATCCTCAATTTGGCATAGACAAAGAGCTTTTAAACTTGTTTGGGGATATTACATCCATTCATTACTGCAAAATAAAATTGGTTCTTTAGACAAAATGAATTGTGCTCAAAGGCTTGACAATCCTACTTAACATAATGAAAAACTGCTTATTAAACCAGTTGTGGTCCTCCCCAAAGAACTGAGATGAATATGAAGTCTTAAATATTTATTTCCCATACTGAAGATAGGGAAACAAGGCACTTACTGGTCATAGCCCAAATCGAGCCTGTTTCTGAGCTCAGTGTAAATGAGCTAAAATATAATTAACAGGTAGTAAATATTCCACATAAGCTACTGGGGTGTAAGACACAGATATGGAAAGAGAATAGGACACCTGCCCATGGAGACAGAAGGTTTAAATCAACAGAACATATGCTCCAGTGAAATATTAGTTTCAAATATTATTGTAAACTCTCAGCAAGCCAAATGATCCGTTCTGTAATACTGCATTACTGCATTATTGCATTATAATATGAAGAAAATAGCACTTAGAAAGAATAAAGTTTTCCAACTTCTTTAAAGACCAAGCGTTTATACTTTAACATTTTTACTTTATACTTTTGATTAAAATTAGACTTGGCAGAGTGAGAGAAGGGAAATTGAAGGTCTGCCTGTTTGTGTGGCTGGGCCAATGAAAAACGTGAAAAGGTCCACAGGGTACCGAGGGATGGTGGAGCCCACCTGCAGGAGCTCAGATAATTTTTATTCTCCTTGTTTAAAAATACGCATGTATGCACATGCACACATACCTGGTTTCCTGGGTATCATTTGGATATAGGCCAGTGTTTGCTCTTAAGAAAACTCTTCCTttcattccttccacaaacttttattgaattcgtaaatgtgcaagacataatgttcaggGAAAATTAGATACAATGTTCCATTCATAATCCCAGAGTTAGAAGATTTATACTCTTAAATCTGGTTAAAAAACATATTTTCTAACTACTGACATTCCAATATTTAGAGGAAGAAGTTGGCCACTCAAACTATTTCACAGATTTCTATGACGTTTCCTATGGCatttatttatttatttttaatttatcaaatttgtttattaaaaatatCTATTGTTATAGAAGAATATAAATAGTCAATAATAAAACTTTCTTTCTAAGCATACTTTCCACTTTATCCTACAATAAACCTATTAATCTTTTTAACAAAATAATTTTCAATGACTATGTACTGAAGTCAAAACATGATGTTTTAACTCATAGTTCTTGGGAATATAAGTCTAGAAACAACATTGCTATTGA
>Human| chr5:32454734-32456233 | element 200433 | negative
tagccttatgagttgcccactaagtggattagagcagcatgcccaaatgtggtccatattacctcaaaaatccaaagaTCAGAGGGAGGGGAGAGACGAAAttttttttttttgagatggagtttagctcttgttgcccaggctggagtgtgatggtgcaatttcggctcactgcaacccccatctcccaggttcaagctattctcctgcctcagcctcagcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggcatgcgtcaccatgcccagctaatttttgtagttttggtagagatgaagtttcgccatgttgacaggctggtctcgcattcctgacctcaggtgatccaccagcctcagcctccgcctcccaaactgctggtattacaggcatgagccactgtgcccagcTGAAGGATTTTTTAAAAATCCAAAGATGTCCACCAAGCCCTGTGCCTTGAGGCAATAAGGCGTGCAGATGTGGGCCCTCAGAAGAGGCATTGGCTTATAAGGCAGCTGTCCCAAAATGCAGCATTAAAGGGCTTTTGTGCAGGGAAGGCTGGCTCTGCAACCAAGGGTGGTGTGGGGGACTTGGGTTCAGAGTTCTTAGCCTTGATTATCTCTTCCCATAGGTCCCATCCCATCCCATGTCTCAAGGTTCCACCCTTTCCCCACTGGTGTCCTAGACTTAAACACTTATCAACATTCAGCTTTTAATTAGTGCTGAAACTCTGCAGCTCTTACCATTAACCGTTAGGCCCTAAAAAGTTGGTCTTCAGCCATTCTTTCCCTGTGACCTCATAGGAGATGGGGGACTTCGTCAAAACTGCCACTGAAGATTTCTGAATGACCACGTATTTTCTCAGTTGGAGTCAGTTGATTTCCCAATGCCTTGTCCTACCCCTTCGCTTCATCTCATGCCATGCACCAGTCATATATGAGAAACCGTGATACCATCGCATGCCTGGCAGTATTCATGTTCCTGTTCCCCTGGGTAAGGTGAAGTGCCATGCACTCCTTAAATATGTGTGCAAACCAATTTATTTTTCCATTTCTTCTTCCTTAGCCACTCCTGGGGTACTAATCAGGACCCCAAAAGGAAACAGAAGGTATATTCAAATTGGGCAATTTggcctaaactatcaagggaagggataagttgaggaactcgagagagctgtgtggagaaggccaccagacaggagctgttgacctggaagggagggagacaggagacaacaaatacctcaagctgactatcctctctctctctctctctgatctgccagggctccaaattgcccaaccttaacaagaagcgtctgtaatgcatacaattcagcctcccaggacacagagaagggtggagaatggtggagagtggattttgaggagcaaataaataGAAGTTTTTTTACCTAAAGATATCATAAGAGTTAAACTTGTTTtgagacctagacttatttttcacttattttgtgaacatcttcaattgcatatttctc
>Human| chr7:48011748-48013247 | element 200434 | negative
GACTGCTTAGTGGGGCTAAGGCTAACACATGACCTTAGCTCATTTGTTCCAAACAACCACACACCCAAGATCTGTAAATTCCCATTGTTTTGAAAAGCAATGGTTTTAGATATAAATAAATAAATACTTACTTAAAAATGCAACTTGCAATGGGCCTAGATGCACTTCAGGCTTAAATGTTCTCTTGTGTTTTCTTCAAATTCCTAAGAATCTCAGTAACAGAACATTAGATTCCAACTCCCTCCTAACCATTAACACCTGGTGCCTAGCACATGGTGGCCTTAAGTCAATACTTACTGAAGAAACTAACAAACAACTAATTCTCTGAACACTGGTCACTCATGTCTATTTTAAGATTCAGTTATTTGGGATATTATACACAACAACACACTTGATTTCTTAAGTATCAGGGTAAGATCTTTCAATGATTTCCTTAAAATAGTCAACTATTGTTTATAGAATGCTGACTATACTGGGCACCTAGTAAAAATTATCTCTAAATTTTTAAAAACTGACGAAGCCCCTGTCATAGCTGCACTGTTATCCCCATTTGGGGTAGTATCCAGCACTAGGGTACTCACTGCACAGCGCAGCCTGGAGCTGAACCCAGGTATGTGGCTCCAATGACTCCCCTCTTCCATATCATGACTCCTAAACATAGACTCTGGTTTCTATCATTAGGTGACCCTGCAGAGCCGTTTCTCAGATAACATTTGAAGTACAATATAGTATGGCAAtgatgtggtttgttttggctcagcaaccccacccaaatctcatctcgaattgtaatccccaagtgctgagaaggggcctggtggtaggtgactggatcatgggggcagcttttcccatgctgttctcttgatagtgagggagttctcatgagatctgatggttttaaaaatggcagtttttcctgtgttcttctctctccagctgccatgttaagacgtgccttgcttcccctttgccttctgtcatgactgtaagtttcctgaggcctcctcagctatacaggactgtgagtcaattaaacctcttttgtttataaattacctggtctcaggtaatatctttttagcagcgtgaaaacggagtaatacaGGCACACATCACAAAGTACtgctacatgatgtggtctgaagacaggcagcatcgacatctcccaggagctggtcagaaacagagcctcaggctccagctcagacctcccaaatcagaacctgcactttaaccagattccaggggattcacacgcatggtagaacttagaagcaatgTCTTAGAACATGATGTCAATTCCCTCCAGTTCTTGCTTCTTTTTCTGCTCCTGCATGAGTCACATACAACCCACCCCATCAGTCACACCTCGCATTTAATGAAAGGAAGTAACTGGGCATCTCTAATGGGAAGGTGGGCATTTTTAGTGTGTTAAGTCTACCCATTTTCCTTAATTCTACTGCCTGTAATATTCAGATACAGAATTCTGGATACCCA
>Human| chr10:60085384-60086883 | element 200435 | negative
CTCTTTGGTGCTCACAATTGGTTTTATTGTTAATGAAGAAAAATGGGCTACAAAATGGACAGGATCAGTCTTGAAAGAAATGCAGGTCTTAGAAGGATACACATAACAGAAACTGCCTTGAAGGAAGCACAGGTCACTCCTGAGAAGTTCATGGTTGGCTCCACCACTGTTGAGGCTGTCTGCTCTTTGCCCTTCCCAAGTGGTGGTTCTAATCTAATTTCAAACAGAGACTCATTCAACACTGGGTTTGAACCCTGTGGAGATTTGTGGGGGACAAGGAAGTTCATATATCAACCACAGGTACCACCCTGGGAATGGTCCCCCTGAAATCTTACGGCCTGTAGCAGGACAGAATTGGGGATGTGGGGGTCACATAATGCCAAAACCTGTGAGACAACAATCCAGACAGCTGTTCAAAATAAGACACATGAAGAATGCTTGTCCTACATGTGTGCCAAACACCGGTTCTGAGCCATTCATTCCCAGCTCTCCTGATTGGGCTCTACCTCCTGATGATTCTGGTGTTACAGTTGGTGGGACTACCCAATCACAAAAGGAATAGGCCCTGTTGTATATGAAGACCTCAGTGGCCTATAAGCTCAGAACTGCCCCCAGGACAAAAGAGAGTTCTCACCAGCCCAAATAAAGCACCCAAAGGTCAAAAAAGGTGGGGACATTGGATGGGGTGGCCCTCCCCAGAAACCACTCCTGGACAGCAAAGCCTCAACAACACAAGGAGAAAACAAAAAAGAGCGCTTCCTGTATTTGCAAAGACAAACACTTCTTCATTGAGTGAAGGAGAGGCAAAATTGGCAATTGGCCGGCAGTCCCCAGCAGTACCTGAGAAATGAGGTCACTTTTGTTCCAGAGAGGGCAGCCTTGTCTTGGCATCTCCTGCAGCGGAGCCAGGCTGCACTGGCCTCACTCCGCCAGGGCCAAGCTCATGGACCATAGCCCCGGGACTTCTGGTAGATGTCCTGCTCCACTATGTCACCTCCACCAGGAATGCCTGAATCTTTTCACCAAACCCTTCTTTTCACTCTACTCTCTTTGAAATTTCTGACTGAATCCGTGTGTCAACTCCTTCCTTCAACGTCTTCATAAATTGCCCGATTGCCGACTGTTGCTTTGACTCTGCCTCCAGATCTGCCTTGGTCAGCAGCACACCCAGGGAGCTCTTCATCCGCCTCTTCCACTTGGCCAGTGATCCTCTCCAAAGACTTCTCCAAATCTGCCCCTCTTTCTCTGGACCATCTTTCTCTGGACCATCTCCCCCCACCCCCGCCTCCACACCCCATCGTGACCCGGGAACCACTCTGTATTCCGTGCGCTGACAACTCCTGCTGCCTGCTCCGTATCCTGCAGAGACTTCTTAAATCTGAGCTTCTGACGGCTGCAAGATCCCTGTGGCCTCTTCCGTAAGCTGGGCCGGGTGTGGGAGAACTGGGTTGCTGCAGCCCTGCTGCGGGGTGACAGGAGGCCCAGGCTTCGCATTGCTGT
>Human| chr3:10309585-10311084 | element 200436 | negative
CAAAACAGAACACAAAAGCCTTGTCAAACTTAGGCAAGACTGTAATTTTTTATTGTCTGGGTTGATGGAAATTTTCTGTTATAACCGAGATAGTTTTTGAAGGATTGTTCTCCCTTATAGATAAGtttttaaaggttttaggggaaattgcaaacattcaaagtaaacagaatagtgtattgaatcaccagatgcccatcacccagcttcaagagttCAGATTAAATTAAAAATGTGCTACATTTAAGTTAGCTTGCATTTTAGAAAAGATTCTTGTTTGGATATTTCTGCCATTCAAGCAGTAGCTGTGAGAAGTCTAAGGCAGGAAAGTATAAAATGGGAAATGGGTAATTCATTTAAGTGTTGGTTACTAATACTTGTTTCCTGTTAGAGTGTAGTTAGGGGTATGAAATATTAGTACAGCCAACATAAACAGTTTTGTTCCATTTTAATCAGGTAATTCAGCTAGAATGCTCTTTCATTGTGAATGTTTGTTTTATTATGTGAATTACATATACTCATAAAAGTATTAAGAGAACTTTGTAAGGCCTCTTGCTCATCAAGCCTTCTGTCATTGGCAGGTATAGATGGCTGCTTTAAGAAGAAATGATGGCACTTAAATTTTGTTTCCAGCATGAATTGATATTGATGTGCTTACTGTATttctcaaacctggtctgcatcacaattccggggagagttaaatgcagattccttggccccaccttggacctattgaatcacaatatctcagggtggaatgggccttaaaaatctgtttttaaaatgctacccagttgatggagatgtgatgctaagttgaggcaccattTATTCTAAAAattaattcagcagatattcatgagcactcagtatctgccaggcactgttctaggtgttggggagacatcagtggaaaaaaaataaaaattcctgatctcgtggcgcttaccttctctagtaggACTAAGCCGATTTAATGCAAGGGATGGTTGTTTCAGTCACTATTACTAGttagtagcttaaaataacttttcttttgctctcagtactgtgggtcaggaatttggaaaggcctagactggggcaggtgtttcttggggagccccatgtagttcctttcagattttggcgagggctgtcgtcatctgagagtgtgactgggctggacatccgagatgttcacttacatggtggacagatgttggctgtcagccagtaagtcagccaggctgtaaactggcacacctacatgtggcctctctagcaggatgtcatttgggttgccggacttcttacatggtgcttggcttgctccagagtgagcaagtggagtgaaccagatggaagctacaaggcccttctgacctggccttggaagttacacagcttcgcttctgttgcattcttttggctataagtaagtctctaggtaggtccagattaaggggaggggtcatagaccccactctcaatggggagaagggttaaataattcgg
>Human| chr4:88711047-88712546 | element 200437 | negative
CCTGACTCCATATAAAGCAATTTAAACAGATGCAATCCTTGCCCTTCAGTAAATCACAATAAAAAACAGATGACATGGACACACACAACCACCACCACCACCACCGCATAAGGACACAATATTATAGTAAGAGAACATGATGGTCTTAATAAGCATCTATAGTAGGTACAAGTTTGGTATTTGTTATTTCTGGCTTACGGAATACATGAAGGTTTTGCAGGGAAATTGGGTGGGGTTAGGAAGAGCACTACTTGACCTTCACTTAAACAGGGGAGACCTGGGACAAAAGAGAAGAGGTAGAGCTGTGATTCCTTTAAGTTCCCAGGATGAAACCTGTCTCTTTTATCCCTCACCACTCAGACTTACAAGCCCTCAATAAATAACAGTAGTTGACTGATTGTATAAAGTCATAGACCTAGATACTTAGTGATGGAAAAACTAGGCAAAGTTTGAGCAGATAAGGCTGGATGGAAGGCAGAATGCATACTGGAAATTAGGAGGTTAAAGGGGCATGAAATGTTCTTAGATTGCCTATCAAAGGGTCTAGTAATGGAGGATTAAAGAGTAATTATAGTGATGTCCAGACAGCTCAGCAGAATACTGTAAAGGTGAGGGTTGGTGCCCAAACTAGATACTACGTTTTGGTTTCAGAGAGCAAGCTGGATGTAGAGGATATGAAAGAAATAGCAGAGAGTTTAGAGATAAATATAATGTTAGCATAGCCAATATTTTAACATTTTTCTGATAGAAAAATTTCATCATATAAAATTTTGACATAAAAATTATGTCATTCTAAGCTAGAATCCAAAAAATTCTAGCTTCTTAAGCTTTCAAATAAGAGCTGCAAAGAGACTTTACATGAAAATATGTTTGAAAAGTATTTATCTCCTTTTTCAGTCTTGGCTATTCATGAGTCTTATATAAGGCATCTTGAAATGTATTCTAGCAAGCAAGGAAGACTAAATGAGTTTGGAAAGGGAGCTAGGGTCTAGATATTTTTAGATTGAGGGAGCTTTGCCCAAAGtcaaaagctagcaagaaggcagcctatgaaatgggagaaactatttgcaaaccatgtatctaataagtggttaatttccaaaatatatgtttaaactcctacaaatcaactttaaaaacctaatgattcaattaaaattggctgaagacttaaatagacatttctgcaaataagacatacatttggtccacatgtataaagagacactcaatgtctcttatcatgaggaaattgcaaataaaaaccacagtgagatagcacctcataccagttaggatggctattataaaaacaaaacgtacaagtgttggcaaggatgtggaaaaactggaatccttgtacattgttggtgggaatgcaaaatgttgcagctgctgcagaaaatagaataaagtttcctcaaaaaattaaaaatagaactacagatgttcctcaacttatgatggggttacatcctgataaatccattgtaagtt
>Human| chr18:63321810-63323309 | element 200438 | negative
acacattacataatagttttctctcctaatttttggctcagtattttttgaatgcatcctcatttgacaacaattttgtaatattttctagagagaatagtagggtaattcagtattttctatggatacattcggcaatatttaattattatttataatccctaacaattcccccatcattttaaaattcaagtatattttataatttttttcaaatgagagaaaattgctagaaatattttcaacatatgagatggaggattgcagagcacttccaggttccttctgcagtagctaatcttacacatgctttaaattgacaacagtcattggccaatttgtactgatgtcctggtttcagaggtgtgagttttatgttgtctttgttcatatcagtatttcacattacatcagcaaaaaatttatttttccaacacgtttatatgactcagtccacttcattaatgggattataacacaatacaaaagccttttaattacttgtgttcaacatgtatctcttctcttacgtaagttactgctttggtgtaacttgaagtcatttttcattacaattagcatcttcatgtcagaattatttcaacttattactttaattttgcattccatcaattttagcttcattttcgctcaggtctttactaaataaatttaatattcacatgtagttttaattcaggaatttgcagtttcttaatttattgaaacttttcaaaatgtatttttcctcaaattgtagttTTCCAGTCTATCTTCTTTCCCATGATGCCTAAGTCCAATCTATTAAATTCTAAACAAGGAAAAGTACAGCAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATGTaatgcaaaaagccagcaatcttaactaatttgagtttaaatatgcaatttttgataattaaaaagatgcatatgaccatgtgaatacagtgataagatttatctgtggcattgcaaggacaaggctgtgaagcttaagcttaattagttctatggtacatcagtttcAAGTAAAAGATGAAAATGGTACTATACTCTCCCTCAGTCTATGTGCTTGATAGACAGGTGTATGCTTTCAATGCAAATCTTCAAAGAAGATTTAAAAACACATTTTATTTTTAAACACCTGTAATTGTTTTATAAACAAATTGAAGGGAAACTTTTATGTAGCTCTTTGAAAATAATACTAATTTCTTAAAATATGTATTGAAAAATTTATATGTCTAAAAATGGACATTACTTTAAGAACAATAAAACCAAGTTTGAGAAAAGCTGGGCAAATTTTAAAGCAGACTATAAGCCCCTTGAATAAACTGATTTCATTTATTTCTAATTCCTGTTGTCTAGAATGCAAATTAAACTCAGTAAATATTTGTGACTGTATACATAAATAAATTAATGAGCCTAAAAATTTGAAATAAGTACCTAGAAATCAAATATTTAATGCAAAAGGATAAACACACCATGTAAATAAAAGGAAACTAGTCTC
>Human| chr1:9115258-9116757 | element 200439 | negative
gcaccatttccccatctttaaaatggagtggggattagccgggtgcggtggctcacacctgtaatctcagcactttgggaggccaaggcgggtggatcacaaggtcaggaatttgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaactccgtctctaataaagatacaaaaaattagctgggtgtggtggcatgcgcctgtaatcccagctacttgggaggccgaggcaggagaatcgtttgaacccgggaggcagaggttgcagtgtgctgagatcacaccattgcactccagcctgggtgacagggcgagactccatctcaaaaataaataaataaaaataaagtgaggattgtaatagtacctctaaacacagtcaggacagtgcctggcacataggaactcattaataaaagttagttgctattTAAATAACACTggccacatgcagtgtttcacctctgtcatctcagcacttggggaggccgaggtgggtggatcacttgacgccaggagtttgagaccagcctggccaatatggtgaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaagattagctgcgcgtggtggcagacacctgtaatcccagctacttgggaagctgaggcaggagaatggcttgaacccaggaggtggaggttgcagtgagccaatttcacaccactgcactccagcctgggcgtcagagcaagactctacctcaaaaaataaagaaataaataaCACCCACAAATACTTAAGAAAACGGCAAATAGCCAAATAGTGTTTATCAGACTCCTAAGTAGACAGCTCAATTAGCAACCTTCAGCTCCATCTGTGGGCCAAGCGGCGTGCTCTTAACTCAAGAAGTGTCCGGCAGGTCTGATTCTGACTGGAGGGATGTTCTGCTCCATGAGGGCCCACAGGGAAAACTGTGGGTTCAACACTAATCTCTCAAGAGGATGTTAGATCCCAAAGCTGCAGCGGTGttttttgtttgtttgttttttgagacggagtttcgctcttgttgcccaggctggagtgcgatggtgcgatcttagctcacggcaacctccgcttcccaggctcaagcaattctccggcctcagcctcccgagtaggggggttacaggcacccaccaccatgcccggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagacggagtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtctccaactcctgacctcaggtgatccgcccgcctctgccacccaaagtgttgggattacagacgtgagccactgcgcccagcTGTGTGTTTTTATTCTCAGATTCTTTTCTTGAAATACTGGAGGAGGAGTCAGAGTctgggttactctgggctcactagatctgtgacctcactcagccccacgtgctcctcatccctagacgggttggacaaggggacctctaaaattctctttctaactaggtcttccataatgtccatgGAATTTATACGGGGGAGCGTGACATCTTAAGGACA
>Human| chr3:46918919-46920418 | element 200440 | negative
CACAGAGACTAAGAGAGAGGCATGGCAGGGCAAGGAGAGGACTATTGAGGCACACACACGTGTCTGGCAGCCTGAGTGGGCCCAGTTACCTGGCAGGCAGACCCATGGGTGCTGAGGGGAGGGCCCAGCCCTGGGCATCTGAACACCGGCACACTTGGATCTGCCTCTGTTGCCTCCTACTCCTGACTAGGAGCCTGGGACAAAGTCCTGGGCCAGTGTAGGGCTTGGTAAAAAATAATTAATTTTCTTTTCAAGTGGAAGCTCTGACTCAGGTCTTTTCTTGTCCCCAGCAGCACTATCCTTGCTTAGGCCTGAGCCACAGAAGCTGCTCAGGGACTATCCATGGCCTCCCCGTGGCCAACTTGAGTCTGCTCTGCAGCTTTAGGCCCGACTTGGAAGGCCCATGGGCTGCAGGTGAGTGGGGGCCAGGGGAGCCTAGGGGCCTGAGCACAGCTGGGAAGCCCAAGTCTGTGGTTTCCCTGGGGGTGAGTGTCTAAATACCTGGGCCGTGCTATGGGGCAGACAAGACATGCCCGCATGGAGACACATCTGTGGACCTGGTGTTATGACAGCAGGGGGCTTGTAACCATGAGGCCAGCAGGGACAGAAAGCCCATACCTCTAGCTCCTTGGGAGCCTTAGGAGTGCTCCCTGGTTGGGACAGAGCCTGCTGGCCCCAGGTGCCCCCATCGCCCCTCCCTTCACCTTCCTGAGAGGCAAGAAAGCCAGGCAGCCATGCTTCTGCTGCAAGGGAAGGGGGCTACCCAGCCAGCTGCCATGGGAGCCTCCAGCGACTCAGCTGGGTGTCAGGGGGTGTTTATGAGCAGCCGAAATGGCTGTAAAAGTGGCACCTCGCTTCACTTATGGCCTAGCCATCCCCTCCCCTACTGGGCTCTTGCCTCAAAAAGTTTCCAGAGGGGCCTAGAAGCCGAGAGAggtctggggttgagggctgggtggaggcacaacctggggtcagagttcagccaggggctagaaatcagactgggataagaactcagcctgaggctggggctcatgatggagatagagctcagtctgggatcagggctaagcttggatgcagcctgactttggggctagtgttgggATGAAGCACTGGGGAAATATAAGGACTCAGAAATAGATGTGAGCCATTAGTCCCAGAGAACCCCTGGTCTGGCCAAGGGGTTTTCTGAGGGAGGAAGGCCAGGCTGCATTGCTCAGACAGCTGAGCCTCTTGCCTTGCTTGTTGGTGTCTGATGCCCACCCTGGCCCCAGGGTCTGTGTACCTTGGCCAGAGCCCTACTCACGGTGGGATGGCTGCAGCAGAGGCCTGTCAGCCTGGGGCTGCCACACCAGCAGGGGTGGGGCCAGAGTCTGGCCCCTACTGCAGTTCTGAGATCCAGTGACCACCCTGGCTCCTCCTCCTAGGCCCCAGCCTGGGGATTAGAGACAGGGACTCACTCCTACTCCCCACCCCCAGCCAGGCCTTTTCAAA
>Human| chr1:13907892-13909391 | element 200441 | negative
ttgttggaaatgcaaattcttgggccccaccccttacctattgaatcagcactttggcagtggagcccagcagtcttgccttccaggcaagcaagccctccaggtgaatcCACTCTCAACCTCACTTGTGTAGGAAATGGGTATCATCAATGTTTGGAAGCCAACCGTTGTTTTGGGGCTGAAAGGAAATAGTGCGTGTTCCTGGCAGGAAGATAAAGGCCAGTATGTAGCAGCTGCTGTTATCTCACCAGTAACGCATCATCATTCATGGCCATGGCTTTCTGAGCTTAAGCTGTTTGCCAAGAATGGAGCCACATACCCTCCTTCTTTCCCTCTTCCCCTCAGCTGAGCAGGGTCTCATGCTTCCAGATCCCCTGTGTTTCACTTCAGCTCCTTTAGCTAACCGAGTCTCGCTGCCCAAGGCCCATATTCCTTCTCTCATGAGCTGCTGGCTCTATCTGGTCCAGGAGGGTGAGTTCTTTCTTCCCTCTGGTCTTCAGGTTCCCCCTCCCAAGACCCAGCTTTTCTCTCTAGGTTTTCAGACCAACAGCACCCAGAGCCGATCCACTAACTCCTTCATCCTGGCCCCTCTCCCCACCCCAGGACCCCCAGCTGAATGCAATTCCTTATTACCTCCCACTCCTCCATCCTGATCAAAAGGTCATGTGACCAACCTTCTAGATTCTAGACACATCCGGGGGTGTGGGATAGAAGGCAGGTGTCCTTGAATCATGACCTAGCCTCAGCATCCCTCTAAATTAGTTGCATGTAACCCAATCTCCCCCACCTAGGCTTCACTGTGTTTCAATCTTTTTGAATAAAGCGGGCCATCTTTCTTTCTGTGTGTGACCTTGGAGTTACACATAAGCAGAATAGATGTGCATCTATTCTCCATCTAACAGGCTCAACAGACAATGCACTATTCCTCCTGTCAACAGACATTATTGACACTAGAGTCATAAAATGCATCTCCAAGATGGGGAAGTCAGTTCAAGAAAGAGTATCTGTATCACGAGTTTTCTCTTTACATTTCCAACTCCTTGGCTCTAGGGGTGTTGCCGCTACCCCTCATCTTCTAGGTTCAGGTGCTCAGCTCCTGTTTGTAGCCCCAGGACAAGAcgttacctgggagatctttagaaatgcagaatctctccctatcccacaacagaattgcacctgcataaccagtgccccaggtAGATCTGGCTGAGAAGCTATGATGAAGGGCAAGGTTTGCCAAATGTTCATGGGGACAAGTTCTCCAGCGACACTGGTTTAAAATAGGAATTCCGAAAAGGtctgattaatgagtttggggtggaacccaggaaactgggcatttatttaaaacaatctctcctgtgattctTAGAAAGTAAATTTATAATGGGGAGGGGTCAAAGATAAGCATCTGAAAACAATTTTCACGCAATGTGGAGCTTTGAGACAGCGTTAGTCTTCAGGTTCTTTTGTTGAATGGAATTTGTGGCATCTGGG
>Human| chr11:61119224-61120723 | element 200442 | negative
aaaaataaaacttagctaggtgaggtggtccatgcctgtagtcctagcttacttaggaggctacattgggaagatcgcttgagtgcaggagtttgatgctgcagtgagctatggtcacaccattgctctccaacctaggcaacagagtgagatgctatctcTTGGCTGGGGGGATAAAAGGAGagagagagggtcttcctatgttgcccaggctggactccttccacctcagcctccctagtagctgggactacaggtgcatgccacggcacccagcTGTAataatccttttacccatgaggaaactgaagctcaaagcaatgaaattaacttgcccaaagttgcataactagtaaatggcacagccaagatcgaaaccaaggtctgaccttaagtcctagttgcttttcactacaccccattgcctcAAAAGAACGGACAGtagtggtcaggcatgcaaggctctagagtcagactgcctaatctgagtcccagctctgccacttactggctgtgtgccctcgggtaagttacgtaacccctctgttccctcattttttttatttttaTTTCTACCTGAACAGTCCTATTGCAGAATCTGTTCCCTCAATTGAAAATGGCAATGACggccgggtgcagtggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactctgggaggccgaggcgggcagatcatgaggtcaggagtccgagaccagcctgcccagcatggtgaaaccccgtccctactaaaaattcaaaaaattagccgggcatggtggcacacacttgtaggcccagctacttgggaggcagaggcaggagaattgcttgaacccagcaggtggaggttgcagcgagccaagattgtgccactacactccagcctgggcgacagagtgagactccatctcaaaaaaaaagaaaaaagaaaaTGGCaatgacaacaataccaatcaataccaatgatgtagggtggttgacaggattaaatgtaaggtgcttagtactgtttctgacacacagcaggtgctaaatcaaactgatgctcaatAAATATCTGCTGACTTACCAATTTCAACCTAAAGAAAGATCAATTCTGTTACCTTCCAGATCAGGAGTGGACCCAACCCCAAAATCTCTCCTCCCTTGGGTGAGTCCTGTGATCACAGGGTGTATCTTTTGAAGACCCTATTCCCTCCTCTTCACCTTAGAGTTGGGGACCCCACTGCACTCACAAACTGAAGAAAAGCTTCTCATTAATGCCCGAAATGACGGATGCGATGGACAGAGAGAGGATGGCGGCTCCAAAAAAGACGTGGATAGGTTTTAGGAGGCTGCGCAGCCACATGGACGCCCAGGGCAGGAGGAAGACAGCAAAGCCCAGGAACCACTGTGGACAAAAGGGAGGACACACCCGACTGTGCTATGTGTGACCAAAGCACATCCCACCCCATCAGTGCCTCCTCCCCATCTCTGCTCCCTGGCTCTTCTTTCACAACTCAA
>Human| chr2:211930511-211932010 | element 200443 | negative
ATTAATTTTTTTATCGAAGGTTCTTAAACTCTGACAACATTATTATTATTCTTATTATTGCAAAGACTTGTGGTATAAAGTTACCCAAATTTTTAACCTGCCTGTAAATTCTATGTACTTTTCCCAGTGCAGAAAccaggattaagtgatttgcacaaggtcacaatgcaatgtagcagcatgttgaagactgtaattcagcactcctcattTGTACAGTTTGATCAGCATAATCAGCTCTACTACCTCCCTGAATTAGATAAGGTTATCTCTTGCTGTAAAAATGCTATAGTCAGAGATCACTTTGATTCCCTTTCCAAGGTCAAAAATAATCCCATTAGGATAGGTTAGGAATATTAAGATAATCCTTTTGATCTCAATTTGTAGTGTTATATAGTGTAATTCTTTCTCCAACTCATCCATTACTTTATTCAATGAATATTTAAATACTGCACTTGGCTCTAGTTAGGTTTGTAGAACTATAGTTTAAACATTATTAAAACGTTAAATCACTTATATATGAAGTTTTTAATTGAACGTATTACAAAAAGGAAAAATCACATTTTTGCCTTACAGTCTTCAAATCAGTTTTTGGGTTtttttggttttgttttgtttcgtttttgtttttgttGGCTTAAGAATTGGGGGATTTTAGGATTCCCTCTCCTACTTTATTGTCTTTGTCTATGTAATGGCTCTTTCAGTTCCTAAAACTTCTTATCCTACAGCTGAGGGCTATCATCGGACACTACAAATTGACTATGACACTTTGTGCATTTGCTCTAGATAAAATGGTATTATGATTTGTGACACCAAAGCAGGTGGAAAAGGGAATAAGAAGGCAAGTCTGGAAATGCTGGTAAACCATTCTTCTGttttttttttttgttttttgcttttttttttttttttttttgaggtggagtttcactctcgtttcccaggctggagtgcaatgacgtgatgttggctcactgcaacctctgcctcctgggatcaagaaattctcctccctcagcctcccgactagctgcgattatgggcacctgccaccacccctggctaatttttgtattttagtagagatagagtttcaccccatgttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctgatctcaggggatctacccacctcggcctcccaaagtgctggcgttacaggcgtgagccaccacgcccagccTGGTAAACAATTCTTAACTTTTAAAACTTGACAAAATAATTCAACCTATTCTTTCATAGACTCCTCCCCGCCGCATAAAAAACTGGTAATGACCCAATTATGACACAACCCAATTTTGTGTTTTGAAGAGATTAGACAAATTTTAATGTCAGTGGGGAGTTCATCGTTGACCTTTTCCAATAGCCCTCTAACagcccaggaggtggaggcttcagtgagctgtgatcacaccacctgggcgacagagcgagacctgtctcaaaaaagaaaaaaaaGGCCCTCAGAGTTAATCACTCA
>Human| chr12:98243134-98244633 | element 200444 | negative
tttgattatgcaagccaacgtattccttccatttgcttaaacctgacttgagcatccttatgatcactttcaagagagagttccacctgacATTGTTTCCATCATGttcctcttgcctttccagcctttcctcctcaggacttttttgtcctttcatttttctgctctgctttaagcattaggatctccctttttctttcttgtccctcacaccatctcatctacattttctatctaacccctgtgcacattgtcaattatcatgaagctcacatgtaggtctacaacctatacccactcttgaactccatttccatttaatcaactatgttctaacaatgcctcttagatatcccacaggtaatttacatttaatgtgtccaaaggcaaacacattctctttctcccagcactactctgaaccaatcaactccttcttctgagttccttatcttggtaaccacctgttacagtctgaattgtgttccaccaaaagttatgttgccctccaacacctcagaacgtgaccttatttggaaagagggtcattgcagatataattagttaagataaggttatactagaatagaatggaccctttaatccaataagactagtctccttataagaagaggagaaagacccagagaggagacggccatgtgaagagagagacacatttggaaagtgccttgtgacaacagaggcaggaacttgagtaatccagatgcaagcccaagaattccaaagatcaacacctaccatgagaaactaggaagaggcaaggaaggattctcctctatagattttggagggatcattcgcctcctgatgctctgattttagatatgtagcctccagaaatgtgagaaaacaaatttgtgttgtttgaagtcacccagtgtggcactttgttcaggcaaccaaagaaactaaaataccacccaaatttccaaagtaagaaagctggaaatcaaacaagctatcttttcctctcttatgctttccaggctatatttaatcattaattctttttttattttgttttcagaatatcactcataagtctttatttcagtcatagatggactatcaaagttatctcctgactcacaggtctcctaatcttattgaccccttccaacccaacctcctcatcactgtcagagtaaccttttcaagcacacaaatctgatctcctctgctcagaatccagcagtgcctgcttattgccctgaggataaaatacaaaattctcaatataaatatttttatatattaaaaatatataattacttatacattattatatttatataaatatttttatatatttatatattgaaaatattatatatGAAAAGTGGCAGGAGGTAAGGCTTGAGCTGGTGCAGGTAAGATCACGAGGAGCTTATATCAAGCTCCCAAACATGACATCTTGTAGATGCACAATACTCCTTGCTGTCTAAGGctctatgttttatgctcgttgttctctgt
>Human| chr10:45278825-45280324 | element 200445 | negative
AAAACATACTCACATGATTTATAAAAATAAGATGGAGCTTCAAAGAAATTTAGTGTTTGTCCAACCTGCTCTGCTCCTGAAACCCTACATGAGCTTCCTTTTTTTGCCATTAGTGCAATTCCATGGAAAACTTGGAAAGCACCAGGAAGACAGCACCAAGAATGTGATGACCAAATAGAAGTTCAACAGGGAAAAGAGATATTGATGGAGGCCTCAGGAACTTGTGTCTACAGAGGAACAGCAACACTTAGCACTAAGAGCCATGCTGTGACCCCAGAGGAGCTCTAGAAAAGAGTAAGGGACCCCAGAGGGACCTGTGGGACATGTTAGCATGAACCCTGTTGAGTCATCTGCCTGAAAGGGCACCATTAGTGCTGGTGGAGATGGCAGGGCGGGAAACCTCTTTTGTTTCTCTCCTGTATTCTCTCCTTGATCCAACCATAGCTATTCACTTGCTACTATTGCTATTATTCACTTGCTATTCATTCTGTCTTCCAAATTTCTTATGGGCCAatttattcatttgacaagtatttattgaacatctgctatgtgacaagcatggtctaAATTCAACAATATATTTAATATCCCATGAGCATCTCAAACCCAGTTTTCCCATGGctccctcaagcctggtcctcctcttgtatatcccatcttagtaaatgcatcattgtcacccagtgatccatgccataagctgggcatcattctcttcccctctctggctcactcttcagcacctatttcatctctgagtcctgttCAACCCAGGGATCCAATATGGGACCAACCCACATCCTGGTCAGAAGAGGAGCCTGAGCGTCTCCTCCTGTAGCTCCCTTAGTTCCCAGTGACTTTACTAGGATCACCCCAACCCGCTTGCTCCTCAATTCTCAGTGAGTCCCAGGCCTCTAAATCTTCTGCGCGCTCTCTCTTTCTGTCCCGGTCACCTGGACCACCTAGGCTTCATCTCCTTCTCGACCTGGAATATGGCAACTATTTTGCTAAATGATATTCATGTCTTGCCTGGACCTTCCCTCCTGTCCTGGAGGAGCTGAGCTGTAGCCACCTTCCAATTCTCATCCTTGGCCAGTCCCCACCAGCCTATATTCATGCTCCCAACCTACCCATCCCTCTCTGTCTAGCTCCTGCCCACCTATTCCCACCTCCCTAGATCATTTTTTCTGAACAAGTATATGACCTCCCTTCTTTCACCAATGTTTTAGACAAAATAGTAGAGGGAATATGGAAAGttgattttgttttcttttttgtttttgttttGTTAAGAATTCTAGTGATGCTATTCAAAGAGGTGACAGCAATGTCCAGCCTGCTCCCAGAATTCCCAGCTTTATGGCCACAGATAACTAATTATCCTGACCAATTCCATTAGCACAGGGTGCAGGCTGCAAATGCATATTAGGAGAAAGCAGGAGGGAAATTCCTAAGTCACTGTGCTGACAGCCTCAGTTACAGTTACTCTGGCCCTCA
>Human| chr21:33727721-33729220 | element 200446 | negative
TGAGCATGTTCCTTTATGTGGGAAATATGTGCTTACGCGTTCCAGAAACTGAATCACAGTCTCTTTGTCCTCTTCCATGGTGTTCTCTAAATGCTCCAGCCAGAGCTCCAGCTCCTTCCAGGTGTGCTCAAACACCCCCGTGTCCCGCAGAATCTGCCAGGAAGTAGGCACCGGTGAAAAAGTCAGAACAGAACGCGCtttctttcttttctttgagacagggcctcactctgtcacccaggctggagtgcagtggcatgatctcggctcactgcaacctccgcctcccgggttcaagcaatttttctgccttggcctcctgagtagctgggactacaggagtgtgccaacacgtccagctaatttttctaattttttagcagagacaaagttttgccaagttggccaggctggtatcaaactcctagcttcaagtgatctgcctaccttggcctcccaaagtgttgggattataggcatgagccaccacacccagccTACAGGACCCACTTTCTGTCGGAGGTCAAGCAGTTTCATTGTGCTCCAGCACCACACGCCCAAGGAGCACGCAGGGGGTGAAAGTTTCATCCCATTTTTCTCTGAAAGTTAGTCTTTCAACATAACATCCCCAATTGTTGAGGGAAACAAGCAAATCATTCTATGCTCTCTCAAAGACAATATAATCTggccaggcataggggctcatgcctgtaatctcagcacttcaggagactgaggtgtgagaattgcttgagctcaggagcttgagatcagcggaggcaacatagttgagactctgcctctacagcaaatagtaattaaaaaagtagccgggttagtggtggtgcgcacacatgtggccctagctactcaggaggcttagttgggaggatcacttgagcccagaaggtcaagatggcagtgaaccgtgattgtagcagtgcacagcagcgtggatgacagagcgagagcctgtctcaaacaaacaaaaaaGACAATATGATCCCTTCTCTCAAGGCTACTCATCGTTTATCCTCATTTCCTAAATAAAAAGAAGGGAAAAAATTTGGCTGCTACTTAGGAGCCAAAGACCTCTGGATTTTCACAAAGACCCAGGTAAATGTGTAAAACTTGACCCCTCACAGCTACTCAACCCTTAGCCTGTATGAAATTCTCCAAGGTCACGAGCCAGTCACATCATATCACTTCAAATGCAGACCTCAAGACTCACTATTCCAACAGAAGAGAAACTGGTATGAGGCAGGACTTGAATGTGCAGAAGTGACGAAATGATTTCCCTAAATGGTCTGAAAGCAGAAACTCAGAGTCTAAGAGGCCTCACGGCACAGAGCCCTGCAACAGCATGCACCAAAGGAAAGCCTGACTGTGCCAATTTCACCTATTTGCAGTCAGTGATCACGAAATCTGGCTGGGGTCAGGTTCACAACTGCACTACCTGGAAGGAAATGGCAACCTATGGAGGTCAAGACTTAGACTGCC
>Human| chr17:2337430-2338929 | element 200447 | negative
CTGTCCATCTTGTAGCATAATGCACAGCCTGGTACAGTACtggttttcaaactatttttattcaaacttctttttattttgagacccagtctcactctgtcacccaggctggtgggcaacggcgtgacctcggctcactgtaacctccgcccactgtaacctccgccttgcaggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagtctccccagtagctgggattacaggtgtgcaccaccacgcccagctaacttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttcatcatgttggccaggctggtctcaaactcctgacttcaggtgatcaccaccttggcctcccaaagtgctgggatcacaggcatcagccaccacggccagcccaaaccatttcttaacagcaggacactttcaacaaataaatcaacacataataatgataaaagcagatgagctctttaaaatgagagggaggtctcaagtaccagcctgatgtctgccccaccctggggcacctacctggcatccctcagctatgtggacaagactgaaaaccTAAGGAGAAGGGAGCTGGGCACTGTCAGGATACCCAGCTCCAACATGCACAAAGTTGCCTAATTAATTTGACACCTCTCCTCCATCTGCTCTCCAAAAAGCCCTCTAGTTCTTACTCCCTAGACAGCCACGTCCCAGGCTTAAAGGTAATGTCTTCAATGCAGGGGATCCTTTTTAAGCCCAGAGTTCCTGAGCAGTGCTCACACCAAGAGTGAACAACTCACTAGGGCTACACTTTCCCCTTTTTCTCCTAACAAACGTCAAACTTCCTTCAAGCAAACCAAAACAAAGCTAAAATAATGCTTTCGGCAATTAGCGGAGAGCTGGAACAAAGAGGTAAGTGGCTTGTTAGAATTCTGCAGAGAACAGTTTGTAGAACATGCTTCCTTATATTCATCATTAGCTGAAATTATGGAACAAAATTCTATCAACATTAGGACCTTTTTGTTGCTAAAAGAAATCCAGACAACAGGAATGGGCTGAGTGTGGGCACTTGAATCACCAGTGAATTAGAATTTTTCAGCATTCAGCACCAACAGAAACGAGTCAGTAGGCCTGAGATAAGTGAAAACAGAAGTTGCCATAGTAACTTGCACATTTACCCTAAAATGGCGGGAGTGGGGGTGGGGAAATAGGTCAATGTTTCTGCTTAACTAGCTCTATTCCTTGTCTAAAGCAGCATCCTCCTCCTTCCTTACCCCCACCAGGAGCAAGAGGGGGAAAGTCAGATGGGGTTTTCAAAAAACGAGGGTGGGGAGAGAGGTCTAGGAAGAGGGAAGAGAACCAAGAGGATGGCTAAATAAAAACCTCGTGAGTACCCTGGGACGACCCCCTGGGGAAAGCAGTTGCCGATCAAGGGCAGCAGTGCTAAGAAACTGTTGCTGGGTTACTACAAATCAGGAATTGCCGTTTTTTCCTGTAGCGGCTGAAGTGCGTCTAACAGAACACTTGG
>Human| chr14:76090352-76091851 | element 200448 | negative
ccactgtgctccagcctgggcgacagagcgagacttcgtctcaaaaaaaaaagaaaaGCAGAAGTAATCAGTccgggtgcggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactatggggggctgaggcatgcaaatcgcttgagctcagaagtttgagaccagcctgggcaacatggcaaaaccccatctctatgaaaaatacaaaaaattagccaggtgtggtggcatacgcctgtagtcccagctactcaggaggccgagatgggagaattgcttgagcccaggaggtggaggttgcagtaagccgagatggcgccagcctgggtgacagagcgagactccgtctcaaaaaaaataaagaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaTGGCATAAAAAATAAAAAAGTGAATGGTATCAAAGGACCATTCACTCAGCCTCAAACAATGAGAAGCAGCTTCAAGAAGGGGGCTGTTAAGGGTTTAATTAAAGAATTACTATTTCCTTTGGGAGTCTTAGCTCCTCTCAGATGATGGAGCAGCTTTCATTCATGTGGAACCAGCTCTTCTGGGGTGGGACCATGGGAATTTTCAGCCATCTCTGTTTTTTTCCTTTCAGTGTTCAAGGAGAAACCTAAATATCCCCCCAGCAGGGCCCAATCCCTGAGCTATGCCTTGACCTCTCCTGATGCCTCATACTTAGGTTCCATCGCCCGGCTCTTCAAAAATCTCAACTTTGTGCTGCTTGTCATCACCTATGGTAAGGTGTCAATGTGTCTAGGAATGCATTCGAGCTGGAAATGTTAGATGAGAGGCCTGATGTGTCTTCATATATTACTCTTTCTAAATCCCAAATGTGCATGTAAAGCTGTTGTCTAGGGTCAATCCAGAGGACCCAGCTAtgcccaagggcctttgcatgtgttgtaaagtccacctagaaaataatttcttcccatgtcaggttatctgacaaatgcctgttggtcctccaagtctcatctcagtatcacttttgtaaagcagtagtaggtaactttccctctcttaccatgctattccttgtacatcttaacacctgtcattaaaaaaaaatttttttgcaggtctatttccccattagactgaactctctgagtgtggatttatgtttttcatctttatagttcctcagcagtgtcgggcctcgagtgactattccagtagttactgaattagttaatTAATTAATGCATGCATGCATATATGTGTCTTGCcacatgagtcactcctcaaccagtcctccctcatcctgtaattgacttctattttatctgaatgcacaacaacatccctctttcatttcatttgcttggctcttggaaagataaattggaatctttatgctaacatgttggctttctttccccgcatggtgttttctgtatcttatttcaaacctgtaataagattgttggatcgaacaagggcaaagacagagcctcatagcattccactaaagagtgtcctccagatga
>Human| chr2:9649202-9650701 | element 200449 | negative
GAAAAGCAGAAGTAATCTTGCCCTCTGTGTCCAGGGAAGGCTTGCACATTAGCCCACAGCCAAGCTCAAAATAGGAGTCAGGACAAATACTTCACAATCTTTTGTGATTAGAATCAGACTCCTTTAAGCTCTCCCCACCGACCCTCTTTAACTCAGCAGTGCAACTATTGTTTTCCTCACACTGCTTTATGCTGTTTAACTTCAAATAAAATGAAAGAACCAGATATTTATTAACACAACTTTTAGTTCAGACTCTAAGAGTTAGTCACGGCACTCTTAAAGTCTCTGAAAGTGTTTTACAGTATCACAAATCAACTAGTATTCTCTATCAGAAACCCCCAATAGTAAATGATTCCattaattattcaacaaatatttgttacatgccagatactcctactaggcactggagatagagctatgaataagatagaGCTATGAATAAGACAGACAAGGAAGGGCCTTTCTCCCATGAGGCTTGTAGTCAGGCAAACTATGTGTTTAACTGCAAAAGTTAATAAAAACGTGTAAACTGTACATGTAAATTGTAGAGTTAAAATGAATGACAACTTGTAAATGAAATGACAAATTTTTAACATAAAGCCTGAGCCCACCAGACCCTGAAATCCAGAACTCCAAAAAAAGCCATTATTATTAGTAATTTTTCCTAGAGCTCAAATCTACACCATTAAGCTTGACAACAAAGTCCAAATGATAGTTTTAACCAGATTTAGATGAACCGTGCTTCACCCCAAAACACACAACCACGTTTCAAGGTACTTTGTAATTTGCACATCCATCCCTAGGGAAACGCCTAGGAATGGAATACGTTTCTGAGCTCTCATTATGATCATTATACACAGCCTCTTTCCAAACCACATAAAAAATTCTCGACACACACATACCTTATTGTTCTCGTGATCGCCACTCACAGCTATGGGATACATGACATATTTCCCTCCCTGGTCCTCATTCGGGGCACATTCTGCTAGACCATCCGGATCATGTTCTGCTCCAAAATTATGTCCCAATTCATGAGTTGTAACCAGGTCAGCTTCCTTAAGGATCATGCAAAGAAAACATTATTTCTCAATATCCAGCCATCACCTACTTCTGCCAGTTGGGCCTATGCTGTCTTAAATAGAGCCTTATAATCAGATCAACAAGAGAATAAGAACTGcatgcttataataccagcactttaggaggctgagatgggaggattactttactctaggagtttgaggccagcctgggtaacacagggagaccctatctctacaaaaataataaaaaatattaaccaggtgggctaggcatggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggcaggtggatcacgaggtcaggagttcgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcatggaggcacgcgcctgtaatctcaactactcgggaggctgaggcagga
>Human| chr2:82219999-82221498 | element 200450 | negative
TTCTCATGAGCTACCTATCTTTGGACCCAACTGAAACTAACTTTGAAATAGGGCACAGTATTCACAGATACTCACATAAACTAAGCCTCTTTTGCTCTATTTcaatagttttgaaccttttctatataatagaatcagctaagctaaataatactgatgccccgttttcactccactagtgactctggggatggaactaaagcatcagtGttttatattttttgtagacatgaggtctctccttgtggcccaggtcgttcctgaactccatgcctcaaaggatcctcccacctgggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgagcAGTATTTTTTTAAAAAATATTCCCAGGTATTTCTAATATGCACTCAGGTTATGTCCCTTTGTTCTATTCAAAGCCAAGCACACAGGTCTGGCTTGTTTAAAACATTCTAAGGGTACTCATGTGAGAAAGTAGCCAAAGAATTAAAAAAAGATCAATTTCCTATCTTCCAGAATGTTACAAATTTTTTACTGTCACGGATATTATTTTCTGCCTTCTGACTTATTCTTAAAAATGTAATTTGAAGGCTCCTTGAAATTTGACTTAATATTTAAGAGTAATAATGGGAAAAGGATATGGAAATGTAAGATAGAGTCAGTGTAGAGGGCTACACATTCCAGGTCAGATTTTGAGACCAGACTCTACtgtgaagtcactaaaagattctgatcagagtagtcacaCATGTGTGCACACACCCACACCCTACAGATATTTGAAGAAGAGTAAGTTGACATTGATTTGCAAGATTTATCAGAGAAAGGTTATAGATAGTGCTACTGCAAACAAACTTGGAATTCTGTGTCATTAGATTTATTAACAGTGATGAAGCTTATATCCCAATATGATTTTACACCAAAAACTTTCTAACTTGCCCAGTAGATCAGAGTAAAGTGTGTGCTTCTAGAGTTTTATTATTCTGCCTTCTGGTTCTACAGTGTATCAACCTAGATAGCATCTTGACAGCACCCTTTTGCCTGGAGAGCAGCCTCTGACACCTCGCTTCCTTATTTCAGGAGCTGAGAAGCAACTTAATCTCCTGGGGATGAATCTCAAGGGTAGAAACACTATGAGTAGTTGAAGATTTGACTGGTTATATTGAAGTCTTATTGGAAAACCTATCTACCTACCCTCTCTATTCTAAGTTTAAAACATTATTGAAAAAGGAATAATAAATTTAATTCATCAGATATAATACTAAAAATCTATTCTACAAAATTATATTTTTGGTTATGTCATCGAAGACATTCCCTCCTTTTGGTTAAAGCCTATATGCCCAGGAGGTATTAAACCTTATCAGCTTTTGCTTTAGTTTTGAGATAACATCCTATCTTGTCAAATATGATCAAGTTGATACCTTCCTTTAAAGTGTTCTATGGTTCCCAGGAGCTTTCAAGAAAAAGAAAGAAAATAAATAAATAAATAggctgggtgtggtggctcaggcctgtaat
>Human| chr2:50914772-50916271 | element 200451 | negative
aataaaatgcatgactttaatgtgcagtttttgtgaaaactattttgaatatgcagaggctttttAAATTTAATTTTAGATTGGGCAACCGCGTTAGGGTTGAGGTTGTTGTGAGAATTTGTAGAATATGTCCCCATTCAGTTTCAAAGTATTTCTCTGCAGGAGACCAAGGCAGTTTTGACAAACACGGGCAAGAGAAGCTAAGTTTTCCCTTTGGAAGCAGAGGAATCTGGTAGGGAAACACTCAAGGACACTCATGTGAGGCTTTAGGCAACTGTGGAGATCAAACTCTTCTCTCTGATCACCAGATATCCTCTTCTTCATATCGAGATGGAGGGCATTGCCTGAAAGAACGAAAATTTAGCACTAATAGGTAAAATGTATGGATTCCTGTTAGAATCTCTCAGAATTTTACCTTCTCCTTTATAGTAGAATGTTGGCTAGGTGAGATAGAGGTAATCTGGGAAGGGAAAAGTCCAGAAGTCACTGTTTTTCCCATGTATTAATCTACCCACTTCACTTCCATCTCTTTCTGGACAATGCACAAATCAGAACCCTAACCCAACGTTTCTTTTCCTGAGACTAATGCTGTCCCTGAGGATAGTCTATGGGGTCCCCAAGTGCTTGTGGCATCCTGGGCCTCCCCATATCAATACATCACCACCACCTGTTGTTAAAACATAGGCTCATGTATTCACTTGCTTTTATTCGAATGACTTAATCTTCATGGCCTAGCAACAAATAGAACCCTCCCTACAGAGCCCTCCTTATATACCTTATTATTGCATACTCACTCTTTTTATGTCCTCTCTCAGTGCTTCTCTCAGTGCTCATTTTAAAAGAATTTCACCTCTCTAAAACAGAGTGGTGCAGGACTGGGTGGGTAGAAGAAATTGATTTGTTTTGCCTGCCCCTGTAGCCACAGAATCCAGTTACAGCCAGGTTTTTGCTGCAATCAGTAAGGATTTCTCATGTTCTAACAAAGATGAAAGCAATAGGAGATAGCATCCGTTATCTTCTCAGGGACTTTCTTTTCAGTATGACAATGGGCATTTTTTGTTGTTGTTTTTGTTTAAAGCCAACTTACATGCTGTACAGCAAGGGCCTCCATCTTCCAAACACTCTAAAGAGTAAAATTAGTCTGAAATCCAGTAGAAGAATACTGATTATACCATCAGTCCAAAATCTTCAGGGCCACCAGAAAGTGCCATGGGCTTGCGGCTGCTAATCACTTAGTTTGGTGCTTTCTAACAAGGTGTTGTCTTTCAGGTTTTTTGTTGCATCACACTAAGCTATGCTTGCTTCCTCCGAACACATTTAAGTGGATTCTTTTTCCAATCTGGAGACTTATAAAAATAAATATACATACCCCTTTACTACTAATAGTAGGGTTTTCTGCAATTGGATCTAAGTTCTGGGAGCATGAGTCAGGGGAATCAATTTATTCTATTTTAGGATATGCATTGAGATCCACCTCAAAACCTTTTAAATCAAGATTCA
>Human| chr9:30291858-30293357 | element 200452 | negative
ATATGTTAAATCATGTTTTTTTAAGTATATCTTAAAGCTAAAAGCAAATATTTAACTTTATCACATATTTGTATATTTATGTATTAGTGAATATCTAAATACAAAAAATGGTATAGTAGATTAATGTAAAACATTTATTGATCATAATAAACTTAAAAAAGTATTTCAATAAATTGATCTCTATTTGGCTAGATGTATAATACTTTGAATAATGAATTTGAAATAAACTATAAACAGTGCTAAAATATTATTAAGTGAGCTCAAtgtattagtctgttttcatgctgctgataaagacatacccaagactgggaagaaaaagaggtttaattggacttaacagttccctatggctagggaggccacagaatcatggcaagaggtgaaaagcacttcttacatggtagtggcaagagaaaatgaggaagaagcaaaagcagaaacccctgataaacccatcagatctcatgagacttattcactatcatgagaatagcatgggaaagactggccctcatgattcaattacctccccctgggtccctcccacaacatgtggaaattctgagagatacaattcaagctgagatttcagtgaggacacagccaaaccatatcattccaccccagcccctccaaatctcatgcctcacatttcaaaaccaatcatgccttcccaacagcccctaaagtcttaactcatttcagaattaacccagaagtccacagtccaaagtcttatctgagacaaggcaagtcgtttacgcctctgagcctataaaatcaaaagcaagctagtgacttcctagatacaatgggggtacaggtattgggcaaatacagctcttccaaatgggagaaataggccaaaacacaaaggttacagggcccatgcaagtctgaaatccagtggggcagtcaaactttaaagctccaaaataatctcctttgactccatgtctcacatccaggatatgctgatgcaagaggtggtttcccatggtcttgggcagctctgctgttgcagctttgcagtgtacagcctccctcctggctgctttcatgggctgacattgagtgtctgcagcttttccaggcacatggtgcaagctgtcagtgggtctaccattctggggtctgaaggaccatgggcctcttctcatagttccactaggtggttccccagtagggactctgtgtgagggctccgaccccacatttcccttactcactgccttagcagaggttctccatgacggccccatcactgcagcaaacttttgtctgggcatccaggtattttcatacgtcttttgaaatctaggtggaggttcccaaacttcaattcttgacttctgtatacccccatgctcaacacctcgtggaaggtgccatggtatggggctcccagtctctgaagccacagccagagctgtatgttggccccttttgggcatggctggagtggctaggacacagggcatgaagtccctaggctgc
>Human| chr11:106274531-106276030 | element 200453 | negative
ggttaatcttgatcacttgAtgttatggtttagatatgagctgtttgacctcactgaatctcacgctgaaatgtgatccccagtgttggaggtggtgcctagtaggaggtatttgggtcatgggggtggattccttacgaatggcttggcgctgtcctccaggtaatgagttcgttcCAttgggttggtgcaaaaggaattgctatttttgccattgaaagtaatggcaaaaaTATCTAGTATTTAAttttttttttttgagtcagagccttgctcttgtcgcccaggctggaatgcagtggcgcgatctcagctcactgcaacctccacctcccgggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggtgcccaccaccatgcctggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctgacctcatgatccgccggcctcggcttcccaaattgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccacgcccagccAATATCTAGTATTTAATATGTAGTATCTAATATTTAGCAATATctctattagttcccatgagagttccccagagaactagttgtgaaacaagcctgatgcctcctcctctctctttgcttcttttgccatgcgatctgcacatgccaactcccctcatttcaccatgagtggtaccttcctgaggccctcacaagaagcagatgctgctgccatgcatcatttatagcctacagaaccatgagccaaattaatctcttttcttttcttttgtttctgttttgtttgagaccgagtctcactcggtcacccaggctggagtgcagtggcgtgatctcatctcactgcaacctccacctcccaggttcaagtgtctgtcacccaggctggagtgcagtggtgtgatctcatctcactgcaacctccacctcccaagttcaagtgatccttctgcctcagcttcccgagtagctgggattacaggcatccatcaccacacctggataatttttgtatttttagtaaaggtgaggtttcaccattttggccagcctggtctcgaactcctgatctcaggtgatccactcgcctcagtctcccaaagtactgggattacaggcgtgagccaccacgcctggccaaataaacttctttgctttacaaattaccctgcctcaggtattcctttatagcaacacaaaagactaacacaCTTAGCGTTCTGCCAGATTTCTCTACTGAACTGTTACTATGTTCTCCCTCGTGTGCTtccgataggcttcatttggctaaagggcctgggaattcctttctggggagtctagtggagaacctgttttcttgccttttgcagtttctagaggctgtttgcatttcttggctcatggtccccatccgtcttcaatggtggtagtcgccagctgagtctttatcacattgcatccctctgacactgactctcc
>Human| chr12:56161995-56163494 | element 200454 | negative
gcctcccgggttcaggcgattctcctgccccagcctcccaagtagctgggattacaggtgcctgccaccacgcccagctaattttttttttaatttttagtagagacagggtttctccatgttggcttggctggtctcgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccgcctacctcagcctcccacagtgctgggattacaggcatgagccaccgtgcccagccCtcttatttttttgagactgagtcccactccatcgcccaggctagagtgtagtggcgcgatctcggctcactgcaacccccacctcccgggttcatgagattctcctgcctcagcctctggagtagctgggattacaggtgcccaccaccaccacaccaggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagacagggtttcaccaagtcagccaggctggtctcgaactcctgacctcaggcgatccacccgccgcagcctcccaaagtgctaggattacaggcgtgagctaccatgtccagcctctttcttttttttgagacaaagtctcattctgttgcccaggctgcagtgcaatggcacgatctcggctcactgcaatctccgtctcctgggtttaagcgattctcctgtctcagcctctcaagtagctgggattacaggtgtaagccctatgcccagctaattttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtcttgaacctcaagtgatccaccctcctcagcctctcaaagtgctgggattacaggtgtgagccaccatgccaggccAAACTATCTTCTCTTTCTCAGACCTTGAAAATCTGGGCTGCTAGGCTTTGCTGATTTCATAAACCCTAATAATTAACGACTAACAATAAAAGATATCTATTTAAGGTAATATATGAGGGGACTGGGCAAGGATCTAACCTCTATCTATGTAGATCCAATCCCAGGTTCTCTAAAGGCCCCTGAGGAATCTCTTTCACTGAATTATGTGACATCAGGTTCAATCAACATTTTCAATAGCATTGTAGCCATAAAATTAattaattcattcagtagtcaaatgagtatctactttgggtcaggtactgggaatacagagatcaataagataaagtTAAGGAATAAGAACCTTAACTTCACGAGGCTTATGAATTCACCAAGttactataaaggtgtatactactgttctttacataactacattatgaggactcataacggaaatttgctttctagcccccagatccaaaagagttatgcttttcttgggcaacttgctagctttttaccttctgaatcttgtgaatcaccataaacagtgcaactgtgctttccctttctactggctgccataaagtttggagccaaatgtgtggcctacctttagcaaGTGATTTTGAACATAcaaatggtctccaacttatgatgctttgccttaagatttttcaactttacaacggcgaacgatgcatgctcag
>Human| chr6:149182379-149183878 | element 200455 | negative
gaatttatccatttcttctagattttctagtttatttgcgtagaggtgtttatagtattctctgatggtagtttgtatttctgtgggatcggtgatgatatcccctttatcattttttattgtgtctatttgattcttctctcttttcttctttattagtcttgctagcggtctatcaattttgttgatcttttcaaaaaaccagctcctggattcattgatttttttaaggtttttttgtgtctctgtctccttcggttctgttctgatcttagttatttcttgccttctgctaggttttgaatgtgtttgctcttgcttctctagttcttttaattgtgatattagggtgtcaattttagatctttcctgctttctcttgtgggcatttagtgctacaaatttccctctacacactgctttaaatgtgtcccagagattctggtatgttgtgtctttgctctcattggtttcagggagcatctttatttctgccttcatttcattatgtacccagtagtcattcaggagcaggtcattcagtttccatgtagttgagcggtattgcgggtgttccttaatcctgagttctagtttgattgcactgaggtctgacagacagttttttgtgatttctgttcttttacatttgctgaggagtgctttacttccaactatgtggtcagttttggaataagtgtgatgtgtgctgagaagaatgtatattctgttgatttggggtggagagttctgtagatgtctattagatctgcttggtgcagaactgagttcaattcctggatatccctattaactttctgtctcatggatctgtctaatgttgacagtggggtgttaaagtctcccattattattgtgtgggagtctaagtctctttgtgggtctctaaggacttgctttatgaatctgggtgctcctgtattgggtgcatatatatttaggatagttagctcttcttgttgaattgatccctttgccattatgtaatggccttctttgtctcttttgatctttgttggtttaaagtgtgttttatcagagactaggattgcaaccactgctttgttttgttttccatttgcttggtagatcttcctccatccctttattttgagcctatgtgtgtctctgcacatgagatgggtctcctgaatacagcacactgatgggtcttgactctttatccaatttgccagtctgtgtcttttaattggagcatttagcccatttacatttaaggttaatattgttgtgtgtgaatttgatcctgtcattatcgtgttagctgcttatttggcttgttagttgatgcagtttctttctagcatcgatggtctttacaatttggcatgtttttgcagtggctggtactggttgttcctttccatgtttagggcttccttcgggagctcttttagggcaggcctggtggtgacaaaatctctcagcatttgcttgtctgtaaagaattttatttct
>Human| chr2:162452786-162454285 | element 200456 | negative
ggctattaagggaaaggccacagaaagtaaaagaatttagggacattcaagtTCTAATAAATGAATGAGTCACCTACTGTGTAAGTCCATGAAAACTTCTAGAATGGTTGCATGTCTATAGAGTGCTGTGGAGAAAGCACCTTGAACAACTCAAAGCAATGGTGAATTCTAGCTGATTATGGGTATTATATCTATAGGTTTAACCTGGAACCTAGAAATAAAGGGGAAGGGTTCTCTGCCTTTGGAAATATTTTTAGATATCTGCTTAGGAAATTCTTTTGGTGAAGTCAGAGTATAATCTGCTGGAAATTAATGGTTTCCTTACCTTGATTATGACTGAGTTTTTTTTTTTTTTCAGGCAAGTGTTAAATTTTTAAGCTTTTTTCCCCCATATAAATGTTTTATACATATTTGTATATTCAAATATATCAGTCATTTCCTTTATGGTTTTTCTGGTTTCTGTTTTACCGAGAAATTATAAGGAAATGTATTCCTCATGTTTTTGTCTCCCACATACACATATGTATTTCATCTAGAACATGTATTGATGTAAGAAATGAAATAATAATTTAGCTTTATTTTATTTTTAATGATAAAAATGGCTAGCCAGTTAACTCTCTATTATTTAATGAATATACCTCTCTCATTTGAAATGACTACCTCTTTTTCATGTAGTAAATCCTTGCATGTTCcagtgcttctcaaattttagtgtgcatcagaatcacctggagggcttttaaaaatagaaattgctgaacatcacctttctctaacaagttcccagatgatgctaatgatgttggtttagggagtcacaccttgagaatagctgCCAATTCTAATTTCATTACCATGGCTATTaatgcccatgatgaatatagacataaaaattctcaacaaaatccagcaaaccaaatccaatagaacatcaaaaagttaattcaccacaatcaagtaggcttgggatgcaaggctggttcaacatatgcaaagcagtatatgtgattcatcacataaacaattcaaggcaaaactcgcatgatcatctcaacagacacagaaaatgcttttgagaaaactcaacattgcttcatgataaaacccctaaacagactaggcatcaaaggaacatacctcaaagtaataagagccatctattacaaatgcacagccatcatactgaatgggtaaaagctgcaaccatgccctttgagagctggaataagacaaggatgtccactctcactgctcctattcaacattgtgctggaggtcctagtcagagcaattagcaagaggtcatccaactatctctcttcattgatgatatgattctacacttagaacaccataaggactccaccaaaaggctactagaactgaaaaatgattttaataaggtttcagaatacaaaatcaatgtacaaaaaatcagtagcatttctatacatcaacaatatccagctcgagagtcaaatcaagaatgtaattctattt
>Human| chr2:113580952-113582451 | element 200457 | negative
tgccctttgatttctttctttccctcatctcctacgttgacgccatcagctagttctgttgcctttatgcccagaatataatcctcaccaccttctctcctattgcccgagtctaagatgtcagtctctcctgcacagtccattgccctgacctcctgagtggtctgcttccacttttgacatttctactcctccttcccccagggtcaatttttcacagcaagagtggcattttttttttttttttttttgagacggagtctcgctctgtcgcccaggccggactgcggactgcagtggcgcaatctcggctcactgcaagctccgcctcccgggttcacgccattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggactacaggcgcccgccaccgcgcccggctaattttttgtatttttagtagagacggggtttcaccttgttagccaggatggtctcgatctcctgacctcatgatccacccgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccgcgcccggccaagagtggcatttttaaaaccatatattagatcatcgcttttgtgtttgggaacctccaagggctttgcatcatatatcaagttgacacctctcctacccaagcctggctctttcctgctcctctgtcctctcagcccctccacccattgttcatgctgcttcagccacactggccttcttgccatgccacatttgtgctaagcccacatccaatctcggggcctttgcactcgcatttcctctgcttggcatgctgtaccccagatctttcatgattggcagcttctgtacattcagccacctgctcaagccaccctttcagagggccttccctggccacctcacctgaaatagcacctccgattgcacccatccggttattctccatcctgttctcttgcttggtgattttccatcactgatGAGGAAATgaaccatggaatgctagggctgatgaccagaactttcccccacccccacattattacagaggaggaaatgaggtcggaggtaagatgggcccaggatTTCTACTCCCGCCTGGACTGCAGGCACAGCACTGACCTCAGCTGTGCTCACTCTTGGCATTCACCCAACCCTTCTATCTCCAACTGCCCCATTTACCAGAAAGTGAAATGTTCTCAGAGACGGTGAGCCACCTGACTTGGACAGCAGCCCAGGGCCCCTGGCACCCTGCTTTCTTCCTCCCTGCCATCCTTTCCTCTCCAAGACCTACCTTTCCCTGTGATTCTTGCCCACATGCTGCATTTCATGGTTTTATGACCTGATTTCTGAGAGGGATTTGAATTTTCATGATTATTTATGTAAGCAAATCATTATGCTTATACAAATGAGAAAAGGAGTGCTTCTGGACTTCCCAGGGACAAAATCTTGTCACTTGGCTTGCTTTCATATTGCTAATTAAGGACCCAGGATGTGGGTGAGATGTGCTAAAAGCTG
>Human| chr18:32572726-32574225 | element 200458 | negative
TAACATATGGAGAATGCCATTATAGCTGTTCAAAATACGAAAGCGGTGTGATTTCCGGCAGATCAGACACATTTTAAAAAGCACCCACTCAGAAAACTTCCTGAGCTCACGTTTCCCTGTGCATGTGGTTTTTAGTGTTGGGTTGTCTCTCCCTCATAGGCTGACAAATAAAGAGTCCATATATCATATCCCATTAGCGATAAGGGAAGACATGGAAAAAGCAGAACCACTGATGGAGCCCAGGAGTGAGTTGGATTGTGCTGCCTCAAAATACAGGTCAAGACACTAAGGCCTGAATCTTGTGATTTTGTGCTACTGCACAATTACTGGACACTGATTTATTTATAAATGAATGAATGAGtgagacaggatctcactcttgctcagattggattgcagtgatacagacatagctcactgcagcttcaaactcccgggctcaagtgaccctcccaagtaactggcaatataggtgtataccaccattcccgcctttttttttttttttttttttacttttaatagaggcaaggtcatgttttgttgcccagggtggtctagatctcctcggctcaagggattttcctgcctctgccttccaaagtgttgggattacaggcatgagccattgtgcctggccCAGGCACTGATACAGCACCTGCCTGAGGCACTAGATCATGCAAGAACAAGAAGAAAATAGACTTAAAACACAGGGAGTGAACCAACTATAACAACCTTTTCTTTGAGCCTAATCAAAGGGACTTCCCCTTTTTAAGACTGTAGTTGAGTCATGCTTGTGAGTATAGAAAGACCATACATCAACAGTTGTGAACAGAAGTCGGAATCATTTCTTCTCTTATGGCCCTGGCACCTAAAAGTTAATGCCAAATGATGCCCAAAGAGGGGTCTGTGATGAGCAAAGCCTTCTCCTGGCCAGGCCGTGGTGTTACTGTACTCTGGACCAGAGGTACAGCTCCATGACACTTTCTCACTCCTGATGGGAACAAATGAAGCTAGTTGTGTTCTACCCATTTTGAATGTCTGGCATAATCAGAGGGTTGACAGAGAGGGTCTCACAAAATCAGTACATAATTCTTGAAATATATGCCCTTCATTATTTATGTCGAATAACAAATTAAATgaatcctagtgttttagagctgagagcaaccttggagatgatctcatttaatgccattttatagaggaaaaactgaggcATGGAttttctttttttttttttttttttttACTGAAACCACTAGTAATTGCAAAGTTTTAAATGTTTATAGCACATCATTTGCTTTTGACATTGCTTTGCAGATCATCTGAGCTGCTTCCTGGCTCTCCAGTACATTGTACTAACTGGGAGGATGGGGAGACATTTGCTGTCCCCATGGGGAATGAAAAAGGAAACCATGTGGGATGGGGAGGGGCAAGAAAGAAGAAAAACAAGCTTCTCTAGGCTCCAAAAAATTTGAAGGAAATAAAGATATTAAG
>Human| chr14:49332210-49333709 | element 200459 | negative
atgactaagtcctcaaaagcaattgcagcaaaaaacaaaactttacaagtgggacctaattaaactaaagggcttctgcacagcaaaaaaactatcaacagagtaaacagacacttacagaatgggagaaaatattcacaaactatgcattcaacaaaggcctaatatccagaatctgttaggaacaaactattgaacaagcaaaaaacaaccccattaagaaataggtaaaatacatgaacagatgcttctcataaaaggacatacaagcagcaaacaaacatgaaaaaatcctcatcatcactaatcattagaaaaatgcaaatcaaaaccacaacgagatgccatctcgcaccagtcggaatgactattatgaaagagtcagaaaacaacagatgctggtgaggctacagagaaaaaggaacacttataactatagtgggaatgtaaattagtttagccactgtggaaagcagtttggatatttctcaaagaacttaaaacaggactaccattagaccaggcaatcccattactgggtatatatccaaaagaaaataaatcattctatcaaaaagacacccacatgcttatgttcatcacagcactatttacaatagcaaagacacagaatcaacctaggtgcccatcaacagaggattgtatagagagaatgtggtatatatgcattcatggaatactatgcagccataaaaaagaatgaaatcatctttgcagcaacatggatgttgctggaagccattattctaagtgaattaacacaggagcagaaaactaaataccacatgttctcactaatagtaggagttaaacaatgagtgctcatggacaaaaagatggcaataataggacactggggaccactggagggcagagggaaagaaggggacaagggttaggggacaactaactttcgggtactatgcttagtacctgagttatgggatcaatcatacctgaaatctcagtatcacgcaatatacccaagtaataaacctacccatgtgctcttgaatctaaaataaaagttgaaaTATTTAAAAAGAATCACAAAAAGAAAAGCCATAATAATGCAAGTACAATTTTCATGTGATTCATTCAAAGAAATTATTAAAATAACAATGAGACATCATCATAAGTACTAGGAGGAATTTTTAAATTAATGATTTAACATGAAAACACAATTAAATCCCAAACAAAAATGACTCAAAATAATTTAGCAGCTTTGTTAATATACAGTAAGTGGATTTGCCCATTTTGTTTAATTTACCATAGTCCACATTGTAAAAATAAATAAGCCCAATGTAATTACAGTCTATAGGATAAGCACAGCTTCTGTTCATTCTTGGCTCATGTCATCTTTTCCCATGGAGAAGATAATCTCCAAGATGCTTCAATCATTCTATTTACTGATGAACACAAAGATACTCTATCAAAATGGCACTGAATTGAAATGCTCATTTGTAGACATAACCACAA
>Human| chr14:39231051-39232550 | element 200460 | negative
agaacctttctacttggttctcgcatcaaacttctgaaataggcagaccattattatttttttaaaaaaatagggctcacagagggtaactgactgactttctcacaactaattacagcagaacctgaacgaccaacccagatatctttccaccacaaaggtttctccttttctcctatcccacctccccACTACCACTTCAGGGCCCAAATTTATGTCTTTCAAAAGGCACCCCTAGGCTTCAACATTCTCACCAGCTTCAGAGAGTTAGAGCTATGTCCACCCTGCAGAGACATGAGGCATCGTTCATTTCAAGGTGTTGAAATGCTGCAAATAAAGAACACAATCTTTGCTAAGAAAGTTCTCAAAAGGAGGGAAGTAGGTAATAAAATGAACATGTCTCTGGGTTTATTGAGCTTTACCACCAATAAAAAGAAATCATCAAGTGGATGTGACAGTATACTTTTTTCTAAAAGAATTTGCTATGGTTTTAATCACAGCTTTCAGATGGCTCAACACTTTCTGTCATGAAAATGTGGACCCAATGAAGTTATAACCTGAGTAGCATGCAAATATATCCCCATGAGGGCCATGCACCATCTGCAAGAAAGGCCTGTAAATAATCCTTCTTTTCCTTCCAAATCCAAACGATTATACGGTACACAAGCCTTATTTACAGATGGATCACTGTACACACTCTCATTAGAGGCTTCGGAGTGTTATTTCCTTTTTCCCAGCATCTTAATGTTGAATAATCGGTCTGCATTCCTCAGAGTGTGAGTGGGCTATGTGAAATATTTTAGGTCTTGATCAGAAGTGTATTCAGGGAGCAGCCTCTGCCCTTGGACAGAACCAGCATCTGTCTCGATTATCAGTGTTCTAAAGAAGTCAATCTTGAGGCATATATTATGTTTATTTCCAGAAGTTGTACAATTCCAAAGATTTTGTAAGTTTTTTTTACTGAATTCCCATAATAAAATTTAAATCTTGATAATCCAAATAGGGAACAAAGCTAAAGAAAGAGGATTATGTAAGATCATATCTGCATCCTTGATTCAGATAAGAAGATACGTTACCATTCAGGAGGGGGAAAGTCCATGAATCTGCCAGTGAAGATGTTAACACTGCAATGTTATATTAAGTCCTCTGGTGTCAGATCACACTCCCTCCTATGACCAAGAAACGTCACACCTTCTCCCTGATGGTCATCAAATAAGAAAAAGGAAGTGAGCTGGTAAGGAAGTGAGCTGGTAAACAAGCAGAAAAGGATATGACAGTAAAAATAAAATTAAAGATTTAAAACAGAAACCATAAGAAGTTGTTAACAGGATAAACCTCATGTAAGGAGCACTGAGAAGAGAAGCCAACATTAAAATACTTATTCATAGTCAAAATTTAGAGGTTACTAATATAAgacgtagaattaagagcctaaattctaattgtggatccactaatttgtgtgatctctgatagtttatttcacctttctatgcctca
>Human| chr12:34146225-34147724 | element 200461 | negative
GTACAAAAAACTTATAATCAACTAGTAGCCATTTTTACAGAAAAGGAGGGCCAGAGAGGTTGCTTGAGATAACACAGCCAGTGGCACAATTAAAATCAGCAAGGCCTCTATTACTATTGTGTAAAATGAAATACTATTCCACAGTACACGGTGATTCCACCCAAATCTTTCCTCCTTGAAGCAGATGTTCCTTGAAATGTAAGCTTACACTATGAGCTTAGGGAAGAGAAGTCACTCAATTCCTTTCTGAAAATAATTAGGCAGAAGATCAGGAATTATTTACTGCCAAGGTATTTAAAACACCTCTATTAACAGAAAAAAAGGAGGGGCAGGAAACTGGCTTTTATTGAGCAGCTATAATTTTCAGACCCTATGCTACATACTCTCTCCAACATATTTATGTTTGATCCTCATAACACAGTTTAAGGATGAAGACCTTGGACCTCAAAATTAAAGTCACTATTCCAAAGTCAAACACCTAAGAAAAATAAGAGCTATTTATTCCATTTCTAAGGAATAGAACCCAATGTGCCATACTCTTGGCAAGCAGAACATTGGAGGAGGTAATGAAATGGCCCCTAGGTAGGGAAGTAGTCCAGTGATTTAGAAGAAAGACTAAAGATTGATTGAGTCCATTTCATCTACAGGACATATGCAAAATcagccccaaccttatattgtacctagacacatatattcaatcactaaattgttttataaggatataccctagaaatgctgtaccagaaatggagaaagctgaaattacctttccttgaaaactgatttcttcacttgtcagccttattttagaaaatggcaacatcattttaagcaatgctgaaacctgggagtcatcttgactcttccttttccaaaaccactacatccacatctgtcactaatacctttcaactctaccttctcatgatatcttaaaacatctattcctctccatcttacttccctcaccagaatttaaaagtaattaactacgttttatcttgcctatgagaatattttgctaactgaccttctgcGGTATGAAAATATTTTCCTAAAAGTCACATGATCTGCCCACCCCCGGCCCCTCCACCCAGGATCCTCCAAACAAACACCCTACATAGTATATTCACCCTACCATGGTCCTGTTCCTGATATTTTTCTCAGCCTTGATTCTCTACTCTCCACCAAGCTCACTGAATCATGTTAGTTTCCTGAACACAAAATGCTATTTCACACTTTTTTGTCATGGCCAACCTGCCTGAAGGAGCACAAAATGTAGTTTATAGGTCCTAAACAGCCTGTTATCCTCTGGAATAAAAAAAACATTAATCAGATGCAATGTCAGACTCACTTGAAAGATTTCTTAAGAAAACTTTTAGTCTCCTGAATGCCACAAACCTCAGTCACGAATCCAAGCAGAGGTTCTCTGAGTGTTCCTTTTAATTTTTCTTTTACCTAATCAGAATACCTAATCAGAAAGGTTATCTGCAGCGT
>Human| chr3:46937269-46938768 | element 200462 | negative
CAGGGAAGCCCAGGAAAGATAAGGCATCTGGGAAGCTCTACCCTGAGTCTGAGGAGGACAAGGAGGCACCCACTGGCAGCAGGTACCGAGGTACGTCTCTGCTTCCATGCATCCAGCTGGCATGGGCTTGGATCCACCCACCCCCATTGCACTGTCCCTCTGATGTGAGCTCATGCTTCTTGGCTCTTATAGAAAGTAAAAGGCTGCAGCCACATCCCCAGGCAAGGGGCTGGGAGAAGACAGAGTGTAGTGGGAAGGAAGGGGAGCTAGATGGCTCAGGCCTCAGAAAGAGATGAACAGAGAACTCTCCAGCACCACACCAAGAGTGGACCCAGGGCTACGGTCCCACCCATGgagagaaagagagatgacagagaaccctgggggacagagaggcagggagagatacacaaagacagacagatagtgacagagaaagacggggagaggcatggagacagagatcaacagaggcagggagagacagtcacagagatagagggGACCAGGAGGCACACACTGAAGTCTGGGCTCAGTGTGTCAGAGGAGGTACATGGGGACACATAGTggatagggccacagaaatagagaaggagaggagggcagtggcagagggtggggccagaggcagtgggacaaggaggggagaagagaagggagggaagcagatgaggaaaggcagacagagCCCAGGCTTTGGCCACAGGGCCGGTTTCAGCCGGCCGGGTGGGCAGCAGATTCCAGATGGGCCACATCTGGGAGGCTGTGGTCACCCTGTGGCTCCCTGGGGACCAGAGGGAATTGTGGGCCTGGCTGGGTGGGGCTGGGAATATGGCGCCCAGGACAGAGAGCCTTTCACCAAGCCAGGGCGGGTCCAGCCATCAAGGCAGCCTTCCAGGGTGGCTGGAGAGTCCTGTGGTTGGAGCCCTACAGAGGGAGAGAAGGGGGCTGCAAGCTGGGAGTGGAATGTGGAAGATACAGAGGCTGGGGACCCTCCAAGGTCACTTAGCCTCCCTGCAGTGAGGCTGGGGCTCCAAAGTGGGATGTCACCCTACTTTGAATCCCACCATTAGCACTTAGATTTGGGGAATCGATCTCCCCCAGCAGTGGCCGTGGGAGTCTCACAGCAGGTACTCAGGGCAGGCATTGAGTGGTggtagaagcatgggccaatgtggttaatcccaacttcccaatgaggaaatggaaatagaaagacttgggacacctgcgtgaggtcagcagctccttggagtccagctggcactagaaaccagacctcctgcctcctgtccatgatcccAGGGGAAGGGGCACACAGGGAGCCTCCCAGCTGAGGGAGAGTTAGTCTGGGTACTTGCCCTTCTTCAGAGACACCTGGAAGGTGGTTCCAAGAGCAGAGAGAAAGGCGAGAGGCCTGGCCTGGGGCTGAGCACTTGAAGAGGACAGGGCCCTGTgttgtatgacctcagcaagttgcctacctctcttggcctctgt
>Human| chr18:26557269-26558768 | element 200463 | negative
gttctagagatctgcagtacaacatagcaatattgttagagttaacaatattgtattgtgcactcttgttaacagagtgtatctcatataaagttcttactattaaaacaatgggtaggggatacaagggtagtattggaaataaaggacatgtctattaccttgattgcagtgatggtttcataggtgtgtgcatatctccacactcatgaaatcacatacgttaaatatgtgcagtttgttgcatatcaattatgtctcaacagagctgttaaaaaTAAGTGAGTAAATATTATCCGCAAGATTTAAACAAGATTTGGAAGAAGGACTCCATATATAGCAGTGTGGAGATGAAAGGGTATATATGCCCTCTTTTAAGACATAGACTTGTGAGGAGGTATTAAATGAAGAACAGTAatgtggaaattcataaacttgagtagaattgcactggggagtaggtggaaatgaagagaggtagaagggattcattgtatgaccataccacagactgcctagccagagaggtggaataaataatctccagaagcagaacaatatattggctcagcctcagttagaacagagatgaagcacttcatctatTTCTCTGCCACCATGAGTCGCTCAACTGTAGGACATTTCACTGGTGATGTTCAGGTGTTCAGGAAGTAGACTTATTTTCATATCAGCTATTTTTCACTGAAATTTTAAGAAATTCCTATTCTAATTTAGATGAGGTAGAACCATGCTCATGCTGGAAAAAGAAAGTAACACAAAGGAAAAAGAAGAGGAAAAATCTAGCCTAGGGTTAAGAGGAAAAGATTAgtgacatggaacaagttcatctttctgtattaattttactttttgttaaagagtgggtaatacttatcttgagctacttatgaagcttaaataaaatatgtatgaaatacttagcacaatgtctggtacatggttaattttccataactggAAAGTATAACTTTTAGACTTCAGAAAGGAGATTTCTTCAAAGAAAAATATATTTTCTTTTCTCTAGGTTCTCAAAATTTGGCAGCAAAATCTAATTATGACAGCTTATATAAAAACCTTGATTCATTGTAGTTAATTAAACTGAAGAGTCCAACCATAATAATTTAGCTTTTTTTTTTCTTATTTCTAATGAAAAAGTCCACCCAGGGAGAGTGACATGGATTTTCTGTTATATATCACAAAACAGAATGTAAAAGAACCAGGTTGATCAATGATGTCTTTTTTGTCTCCTGTAGCACTGCACTCAAAGACTTTCATAAATATAGATCAGACTTTTCACAAATCAAGAAAAATTTAGGTAAAAAATATTGGCTTCTATTTTCTTATATTTCTACAATAAACTTGCATCAACTGTGTGATAAAAAGTTGATTTAAAGGTTAATAGAagaaataaagtaaaattggctttaaataaaaaatagaaagatggtagatttaaacccaataatagcaataatcatt
>Human| chr4:64000993-64002492 | element 200464 | negative
GAAAAGAAATAATAGGTGACAATATTGGTCATTATTTACATTTAAAATGATTAACCTTACTAATTATTTGATAATACTAACCAAACAAAGTAAAATCTATTTGACTGTAGCAGACAAACTTTTTAATACTATCAAGGCTGTTCTAAGAGTATAAATTGTTCTTGAATGTCATTTGAAAATATTCATTAAACACTCaaaaataaatataaatattaatGAATGAATATCATTCTTGGTTATGTCACCAGTTGTCTTATATGATGATTTTTCACCAAAAGTAATCACTACCAATGGCTAACAATGATGGATGGATTGTACTAATTGTTAAGTATTTATATATGTGTAAGATAGTAGCTATTAAAATAATGATTTAGAATATTTCAGTGACATAACTTTGTTACTTATGTTACTTGAGTTGAGTTTATATCTTCTATGCTTTCAGATACATGGATACACGTATCTAAATGCATAAACATGTATTTATTCATATATTATGTGAGtaaataatatgttaataatgaataactaataaaatataatacaaatacattttaaagttagttttattatttatGAATTATGGGGTTATGCTTCTTATTGGTTGTTGATAACAAGAATACACTTAAACTAATTTAAGCAGAAAATTTTCAATTCAAGGAATTAGGAGGCTTACATTTATTTGAAAATCTAGTAACCTAGATTTCACCTTATTTTCCTGTATACTTTTTTCCATTTTCTACATTAATTCATTCCTTTTGCTGATCAAAAGAAACTATTTGCATGAGAGGACTATTTCTCCCAGAACAATAATTCAAACTTAGTCTTTGAAGGGAACAGTGATGTAGTCCAAGATATCGAAGCTGAGTAATCAGGTAACATTGTCAAACATGCTGCCTCCAAAACCACACCACTTTTTCTACAATCTCCACAACCAAACTGTTGAACCAACTATCACATTCACAAAGCTAGCTAGTAAACTCTGAAATTCAGTTGTAACTCAGCTTCTGCATTACTTACAACACCAAAGGCATAGCCTTTATTCCAAAGTATCCGTGTTGGTCTTCAAAATCTATTTCACATGTAGCTACCTGGCAGTAGCCATATCCCATGCAAGATCTGAATTATACAAAAGTTTGGGAAGCCGTCTTTAACATCCCAGTTCCATGCACAGTAAAACACATGAGAATGAGCCAATCAATAGTACCTACCATACATATATTTTCAATTGTTTCTTTTAGCTTTCATGCCTTTACCCAATAGTCTGAAACAAAGTTTTGTTTTAAATCTAAATATTCAAACACTGTCAGAGTCATTAGAATCACACAGTACCTGTATTAGAAACATTAATAGAAATACAAATTCAGTAACCTCCTCCCAATAggatctctttctgtcacccaggctggagtacgatggcatgatgatagctcactgcagcctctaagtcctaggctcaagcattgcgtctgcctctgcctcccaaagcgaagatgggattat
>Human| chr1:209528698-209530197 | element 200465 | negative
aagtgatctgcctgcctcaccctctgaaagtgctgggattacaggtgtgagccaccgtccccggccCCAAGATTTTATTTTAAAATAACAAAAACAAGAAACTCCTGGTCAGGTGTGCTGCCTAATGCAATTCCCAGAAAAGGCCCCTGTCCTCCCACAGCTCTGTGAGCTGCTGACAGGCAAGAAGCCAATGACAAGTTTCATGTCCTTCCTTCCCTGAATCCCTCCAGGGAATGAAGAGAAGAGGGTGTGGAGAATGACTTTTAATTACATCAGACCATAAATGCTGAAACCCCTTGCACAGCTCTTGGAACAGAGACACAACATGCAAATGTTAATCCCCTGCTTCTCCCGCCTGGATTGTGCCTCTGCTTAGCAGGGACGGGCAACTCCTTGGTATACGAGCACAGAGGCAAAACCAGGAGGTGCAAACATAACCAGCTTCATTTAAATGAGGACAAACTGGAGCAGGAAAAGAACCGGCAAATTCATGTTGGAAGAAGCTAGAGCGGGCATAGCTAGCAGCCTGCTCTCTCGCACAGCTGAAGGAAATCTATGTGGATCACCTTGTTACTTATGGATGGGTTTTATAATCCTGCACCTTTGTGGATTTAAGATTTCTGTAGATTTAGGGCAGGGTTTTATTCTACCAATTAGTCTTTCTTTTCCTCCCTCCCATTATGTGTTCTTCAAGCTCTTTAATTTTATCTTCAACTGCACTGGCCGAGACCGTTTCCCCCATTAACTATTTGTGATCACAGTTTACTGCAAGCCTGCTTGACCCAGCTTATATCTAAGGATTATGGGGTCATGTGATtcagagttgggagagaatagaatccaactccctccagagccagagtcttcttcccaaggctctttcagaccctgcctcagttctacttcttcaacaaggaggttgtcactttctgaggaaggctgcttcctttcagtggtaaagaagcacatctgcaagaaagttctttcttCTCCTATCCCTTTAAGATTTAAACCAAGATGAGTGAGTGATGCTGTGTTTGGGAGTAGGCATTTGACTCCTTTCTGACACCACTGGGAGCCCCACACGGCCTTGGGCCTTGGCGGATTCCACAGGGAACTGACAACATTCTTTGGAGAGACACTGAAACAACCAGCCCCACTCTATCCTCTCGAAATGCCTCCAAGGATCCCAGACTTTTGTGAAAGGAGGTAGTCGAAGGACTCTAGGGACGCTTGAGCCTAGAAGACGATGAACAACCTCTTTCTTACACTTGAGTCAGGGCTCAGTTCTGCTCTGAGATCCTGCAACTCTTCTTTGTAGACACCAGCCAATGGCACTCTTGAAATTTTTGAAAACAGGATCCTACAGAGACTTGTGTGTATATCTCCACAGACCAAGTATTAAACTACCACTTCAGCGCCATGGTTCTTTGTGATTTTAAATGTGGGTGAGTGGGTGTCCAAGTGCTGAAACCTCAATTCTAGGCTTCTGAAATCTAG
>Human| chr21:39629519-39631018 | element 200466 | negative
GTTTAGATTGCCGTAAGGCGAAACCTCGCCGGAATATTTTAAAATCTGTTACCTATCCTTTTGAGAAAAGTTATGTAAGTTTTCTGTGGTAGGTGTAAGGAATGTAAACGATCCTGAGTTTGGAAATATTATGAACTTTGTTCATGACCCATGATTAATATGTTTTTTAATCTGTGTATAATTTCATGAGAGTTTAGACTATCCTCAGCTAATAAATGTTATACTGGGTGAAATTTCCACATTGCTCCTGTAACGCCAACGTTTGTCTCCTCTGTACTTCCGCATTTAGTCACTTGAAGGAAATAAGAATTTATTGTTCAATAGACATTTCTTGACCTCATAATTTCTTTTAACCCACAGGTTAGAAAACTTACAACGAATGTAGTATTTGACTGTGGAAAACTAAAGACCAAAAATGTGTACCATTAATTCAAATGTTTAGATTTATCTTTTTCCCCTTTACCTGTAAGAGGGATTTTGAAAAAAAAAAAATCCAAGTGATTCTTAAAATTCATTTTTTGCAACCTCAAGATCACAAGCACACACTCACACTCATGCACAATCAACTGTTATCCCCAATCCTATCTTCTTTTGTCCTCTTGTGAATGTTTAAACAAATATGAAACAATCGGTAGTAATAGCCTTAGGTGACAAATTCTCTCCTATTTAAAATTGTCCTAAAAATCAAAAGAAAAGTGTCCCATAAAGCTATAATACATTTTTAAATATCATCATTTTGTGAAAACTAAATACAGTATCAGAGACACTTCCAGCCGATTAATTAGGTAAGTAAGCACTTACCTCACACACAGCTTCCCCGGGCGCTGTTCTTTCTTCCCATACCTTCTAGGGTTTTACTTTTTAGCAGTTTTTCTCCTTCTCTGTTAATATAATAAGTGACCATCCAGGGAATGGCCCAGAGGCCACAAGGCAAGTCTTCCCAAAATACTGAAGATTAGAAGAGTTTAACCAAATTCCTGGTAGCAGCATGTCAGAAACGCTCATCAAATAACGGAACAGACCTTTCTTCACTGAATTAAATAAATGTATAAATAGTCTGGGGGTTTTACAGAAATTGCCTTAGTTGAACTTTGTGATTCTGGTTGCTTAAGGAAAACACATTTTTCTAAAACGTCCTCTCTCCATGTTTCCACTCCTTCCTCCCACCAACAGTTGTGGTCATTTTACAGAAAGTCTTATTTCCCCAATTTCCTCTCCTCACACTTCTCACCAGTGCAGACAGCCAGTGTTTTGGGGGGAAAGAGAGCGAGACCCCAGGCTGCACATGCCAGCAAACCTGAGAAGCCAACAAAAGCAGGTCTCTGGGCTCTTTCCCATAAGGCTCAGCACAACCTCACTCTGCTTCTGCATCGAGGAAATCTCGAAAGGGCTGTGCTTTCTTGGGGCgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgcgcgtgtgtgtggtgtgtgCAATTATATACCTGAATAACAATGACATACTCGTTATAAGAAAACTCACCAATAT
>Human| chr2:135330656-135332155 | element 200467 | negative
GCCTGAAAGAAAATTAAGGGGCTTATTTACATGGCCCAAGGAAACAGAGATTCAGTCTTCCCCACATGTTATTATCACACTGCACAAAGGAGCCAGAAAGGCATGAACACAGAAGAGCAGTCATTTCTCTCCAGAACAGATTCTCATTGTGCATCATCCAGCAACTAGAAGAACCCAAGTGCTGAGAATGCTTCCCTATTCTAACCTGAAATATCTGTCACATCATAAAAGCTGATGGATAGAAGGGGCTCAGTCTAGAAAGTAGTATTTAAATGTATCAGAAAGGTATAAGCcagtgtttctcaaccgggggcacttttagccgccagggggtatttggcagtgagacattgttggttgtcacagctggaagagaggtcatcaccactggcttctaacaggtagaggccaggaatgctgctaaacagcctacaaggtacagggcagccccacagcaaagaatcagggccccaaataccaatagcacccaggctgacaaactcCCTTCTAGGCAGATACAGGCCAATTCACATTTCTTGAGAGGGTGGAGACAGATGTGATGCCGAGAGTTCTGTGCTGTTTCAGTGTTAAGTGCAATGACATATAATAAAAATGAGAAAACAGAACTAAAAAACACAGTTAACCAGGATTCCAGTTCCCATAAATTTTAGACTGAATTTTAGTTTATTTCACTGTTTTAGGCTTTGTGTCTTTGCATTCTGCAACACTTCAAATGCCTTTTGTTTCCAACTGGGCCATTCTGCTTGGGATGCAGTAGCAATGCTGCCTCCATTTCTAGAGCCCAGGAACCCAGGGAGTAAAGAACTCTCAGGGTGAACTTCCGGAGGGACCCACAGAACACAGCTTGCCCAGACAGCCATCAGCTATTATGTGGCCTGTGTTCCAGAGCCTCTGGCTACTGCCCAGAAGTTTGTGTTTTTAATTATGTTTCTAAGAATTTACAGCCAAATTTTAGAAACCACTGTGAAAACACTGGGAAATCAAGATAGCAATTAGGAATAAGAAAGAAAACTCATACTACCAAACACCGTAGCAGCACATCCTTATAATCTAGGCAACAGAGCGGGTGCATACTATAAAAATAAGATTTGCAAATTGTGCTTATAGAAGAAAAATAGCCAAGCATTAAAAGAGCTAGGACATAGGCTCTATTCAAAATCTAGAAGACACAgccatgtacaatggctcatgcctctaatcccagcactttgggaggctgagccaggcaggatgcctgagcccagtagttcgagaccagcctgggcaacatggcaaaatcccatctctacaaaaaacacaaaaattagccaggtacggtggcatgcacctgtagtcccagctactcggaaggctaaggcaggagaatcgcttgagcccaggaggtgcaggttgcagtgagccaagatcgcgccactgcactccagcctgggcaacaagagagaaaccctgtctcaaaacaaaaacaaaacaaaaaaaaTC
>Human| chr2:215182750-215184249 | element 200468 | negative
TTGTGCTATATTTCTTAATTACCAGGCATATGGTTCTTTTTAAAGATAGTTATGATGTAAGATATCAGGATCCTGGATTCATCAGCATCTAACAAGTTACTACTTCTGGTGGCCAAATCTGGAAGCGTCTGTTGCATGCAATAACATGGCACCTGGGAATATGCACTTCTGTGCCCATTATGACTGATATGCGATACTTGGAAGAATCATTATTCTACTCACAGAAGGAGGAAACCCAGCAAATGTTAGAGAACAAGACTTTTAACGTAAGCAGTAGTGGAAGATCTGATTTACTCACCCCAGCCCCTTTCCCAGATGTACTTGAATAAAAGAGTGAGAGTGAAttcttttttttttttttttttttttttttgagacagggtctcgctctgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtggtgcgatctcagctcgctgcaacctccgcctcctggattcaagcaattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctaggattgcaggtgtgcaccaccatgcctggctagttttttgtagagagatggggtctcaccatgttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctggcctcaagtgatccacccaccttgacctcccaaagtgctgggatgacaggcatgagccaccgcgcccagccCAGAGAGTGGACTCTTTAACAATCAGGCTTTATAGTGCTTCAAAATTTAGACCAGGCCTAAGCAACAGGGTAGTAGGGTAAGGTTGCAAGTGGGCAAGCAGAGGTAACAACAGGCACCTTGTCTTCCAAACACACGGAGTAGACTAACTTGGCTCTAGCCGACAGCTCCTGACAGAGGTGTTGCCAGAACCCGAGCTGAAGTAGAGGCAAGCCTGGAGTGAGGATCTAGATAAGTTATGAGCAACTAAAAGATGCTACCCTTTTCCAGCTTTCTTTCATAAAAATCTTACTTTTTACGTTATTTCTTCTAAAGCTTTCTCATTATGCTGCTAGAAACCCTTCTAAAGATATATTACCTTAATAAACTAGTGAAACAATGCCAGTTTTGAAAATGTGATCAGGCTGAGAACCCCCTTCTCCTTCTCCCCACTTATGCTTCAAAGAAGTGGAGAAAAggactgctctacctatggagtagccattctttattctttcctttcctaataaacttgcacacacacacaccacacacacacacacacacacacaAGAAGTGTAGAAAAGATCTGAAAGGTCAGGTTGTGTTTAGATTCTGAAGGGTTTCCTAGTGCTAGGCCAAATTATTTGTAGTCTATATAATGCACTAAGAGACGCAGAGAGGAGGTATGTACAGAGTAGGGAAAGAATGAAACCAGGGTTTCAGAGACATTAATGTGGTTGGGCTGTGTGGGAGAGAAGAGCAGAAGAGAAGAGACTAGGGCAGAATAAAATAAAGAAGTGATAAAATCCCAAACCAGGGAAATAACTGAGGCAGAAAGATCCACTGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACTATAATA
>Human| chr3:64468832-64470331 | element 200469 | negative
GATGAAAGGAATTTGTATTGAACACACACGTTATTCACTTGAACACATTTGTTCTCTGTCCCCATCGAATACAGGCTGAAGAAATATTTAGAGAATTCTGGCTTGAAAGGGTAAAAAACTAACAACCTGCCCCAGTCAGTCCCCCATGGTTACTGAACTCTGGAAGATTTTGCTGGAGAAGTCTGAGAGTCCAGTTCTACAATTTTACACAATTTGTTAAATGTAAAACATTGCTTTGGCTTCACTTACTGATTTTCCTTTCTCTCCCATTTCTGACTAACTCAAATTTACTGGGTGCCTGCTATATGCCAGGATCCAAATGTTGAACATAACTTATTTTGTTTCATACCCAAGGGGCTGTAAAGGACACACAGACTGTGAGCGCAGACACATTTTAGACTtgcactgtccaatacggtagccactggccacatatggttattgaaatttacatttattgtaattaagtaaaatttaaaattcaatctctcagttgcactagctatgtattaagcactcaatagccacatgtggttatgactatgctgctggacagcacagttatagagcatttctatcactgcagagagcaccattggatagcacAGTTTTAGACCTTTCAGAGTTGTCTCTACCTCCTGTGAAATCATTTTAAGCAGAAAAGCTGCCATTCATTGAGCACTCCTCTGGGCCAAGCAAGCAAGATTCTGGGTCAGTTACATAAGATCATCTCACCACAGCTCACTGCCTCACGTCTCAACGCATTTTAATTTTTttttttttttttttgtagcgccgtggtctcactttgttgcccaggctagtatcgaactccgggcttcgagcagtccttctgcctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaagagtgagccattgggcccagccTCAccccattttagagatgaggaaacctgaggatagagaggccaagtagctttcttaccatcgcacagcaagtgagcggcaaagccCAGGGCGTTTGACTTTAAAGGCTTTGATAATTCTGATGGCCCCACCTTCCAAGGGCATTACCCCCAAGTGTGAGTGAGAGCACCACTGTGGACAAGAAAGAGCCGCTGGGGATCCTGGCCCTTTTGACAGGAAAAGTggccatggggtcagacaggctagaggaccaaggctggttctgccaatgaccatgtcagtgacattgcccaagccacttagatctctgaatatatgtacagtggtggagctcaccttgtagagctatgaggattaaatgagaatatacacataagcacttggcacagtatctggcacacagtagccatttagtacatggcaCACATGAGTATTACTTCCGGAGTGAATCCTTTTCTTCTGTTTAAGCAGCAAACAGCAAGAGTTGCCTTGCTCCCTGCAATACACATTTCTGAGTCTGGCATGCCACCTGCTGGTCACTCCTGGATATACCATCCAGTCCCCTGTTCTCCCCAGAAGGGCCAGTGCCCAG
>Human| chr22:35472424-35473923 | element 200470 | negative
AGAAAGTCTGTGGCCTGACTAGCGAAATGAGGCCAGCGCAGGTGGGCCATGGGGAGACTCCTGCCCCGCACCCCACCTTCGTGTGTCAGGAGGTGTCCCCAGCCTACAGGAGGGCTGCAAAGGGGGCCCTGGGTGTCCTCCATGGTGAACCCACTGTTTTCAGAAGACGAGGATGAGGCCCATTTCCAGAGACTGCCCAGCGGCAAAGTCCCCCGGGCCTTTAGCTGCTCAACCAGGACCAATTAGCAGACCCCAGAGAAGAAGCAATCAGGGGAGGGTGCTGAGCGAGGAGAAACATCAGTTTATAATTAGGTGGCCTAATCACCTGTGTAAATTGTGTATTTCTTATGATCGATGTGCTAAATGGCTCAGGTTTAATTAAGTTCTGCTGATTCATTCTCTTTGAAGACCTATTAAAGTGTGAGTCACAGCTTGCACCATTAACAACGGGGAGAGGAGCAACTTGAAAAGGGTGGCAGTTCCCTGCTGCCTCCATCCCCCTCCACTGTTGTCCCCACATGCCCACTCCCTAGGTAGGCTGGGCTTTGACCACCTGCTTCTCGGCTTCTCTGCCCAGAACCTGGTAGGGAGATGCTGGGCTGGATGGgaacccaagggttttctcactcctgatccagttctccttccaggatgatccatgctgcctcAGAAGTGTCCCCTCTTAGCAGGGACCCAGAACACCCTGGTTTCTCCTGGTGATTGAGAATCCTATCCTATGCATGGGCCAGGGCCATCAATGAGCTTGTATTTTCCAGCCTCTTGTCTAATAACGAGTTTCCAAAATTCTACATGCTGAACTGCATTCTACCTTCTTCTCTGTTCCATATTATGCTTTTCTGCCTTCTCCCACCTTGTTCCCTTATTTGTAACTCTCTGTGGTCTGTAACCCAAGCATCAGCTTTCCTGGCAACCCCTCACAGCCTCCTCTTTTCCTGTAGGAAAGTTGAAGTGCTGACCTTCATCATTCCTGAGCTGCCCCCTTGGACACTGCTCTAACCTCATTTCCATGACTCCAGGCTGAATTCTATCTGTCTCTCCCAACACTGCTCTTGGCCTTCTGATTGGGTCTTTCCAGTCATAATTCCTCACCAGTATGAATTTTAGGCACCCCTCCTTATTCCAAGAGAGGCCACTAAAACTGTGAGACACAAGCACAAcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcaCCTCTCAAGGACAAACATTTATCCTGAGAATGTGTAGTTCAAAGCTAATGAGAAAACATATTTTTCTCACCAGGCTATGACTTGGCAGGCAGCCCCTCCCCCATGAAGTCAGCAGTCAGGTTGTTTTGCAGAGCAGAGTTTAGATCCTTTCCTTCTTCACCCCACCTCTAAATTACCTTCTTCCAGTACTCTTGGGAACAGGAAAAAGCCATCATGTCTTAAAAGCTGCTCCTTTGGTTACACAAGTGGAAGCTTTGAAATATTTATTTTATTATAGATTCTATTCTTAG
>Human| chr3:47760286-47761785 | element 200471 | negative
GAATGAAATAAATACTAAAACTGCTCTACTATAGGTTTAGAAAAATATAGTACAAACAATGTTATCCCTATTTCCATGTGCACTATGCAGGCattaatattaaataattatttaataaattaaaaaaaatttttttttgagatggagtctctgtcacccaggctggactgcagtggcgcaatctcggctcacggcaagctccgcccccggggttcatgccattctcctgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgggactacaggcacccaccaccatgcccggccaatttttttgtatttttagtagagacgggggtttcaccgtgttagccaggatggtctcagtctcctgacctcgtgatccgcccgccttggcctcccaaagtactgggattacaggtgtgagccaccacgcccggccCCACTATTTTCACTAATATCTAGCTCTTGTTTATAATACTCGTTATTCATACTGTAGATACTGAAACTAGTATGGGTTATAACATGTAAAGCCACAACAGTACTAGGCAAATAAATTTCTGATGAGAAAACTCAATTTTCAACATAAATTAATTTCATCCTTAGTGGTTTCGCATAAGTAGTTTTTGAAAAAAGCAAACTGATCAggctggacgcggtggctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgagaagccaaggtgggtggatcacctgaggtcaggagtgcaagaccagcctgaccagcatggtgaaaccccgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagccaggcatggttggggggcatctgtaatcccagctactaggaaggatggaggcaggagaatcacttgaacccaggaggtggaggttgcagtgagtcgggactgtgccactgtaatccagcctgggcgacaaagcgggactctgtctcaaaaaaaTCTGATCAGTAATAAACACTAGAAAAAAAATTAtttattttttgaagacagagtgagactctgtcaccaaggatggagtgtagtgccatgatctcggctcactgcaacctccgcttcccaggttcaagtgattctcatgcctcagacacctgagtagctgggattacaggcgtgcgctaccatgtctggttaactttttatagttttagtagagatggagtttcaccatgttggccaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcatgtgatccacccaccttggcctctccaagtgctgcgattacaggcatgggccactgtgcccggcAAAATTCATTTCTTAAAAGAAACAAATATAAATTAGCAACCTAATACCACACAGACTTTTTTGGCAACTACATAAAAGATATGAGGttttgtttttggttttttttgagacggagtctcactccgttgcccaggctggagggaaacggcgcaatctcggctcactgaaacctccacctcccgggttcaagggattctcctgccttagcttcctgagtagctgggattacaggcacctgccaccacgtctggctaatttttt
>Human| chr6:11522460-11523959 | element 200472 | negative
CTTAGAAAACTAGTGTCTAGAACACATTAGGTTTCAGAAACAGTTTTTTGGCACTTCTGTAAGAAACTCCACTCAACTTATTGTGAAATTGTATTAAGTAAATTAAGTGAAAATTGTTTAGTAAGTATTCAATATTGTGTTAGGTGGTATAGCTATTAAGGGAAAAAAAGATGAGTTGTGGCCTTTGCCCTCACTTGTCTGATAAAATAGTTGAGAAGAGACGTAAAGCAACAATTAATAAAACAGGACAGCTCAGAGTAATGTGTATGCTGATTTTTAGAAGTTCTGAGATGAGAGAGAGAAAGATGGAGCAAATATAAACATAGAAGCTAAGAACAGAGGACACGGAGAGAGCAAGTTCATCCTGCATTTCTGACCACTTTTCTGTTATTCTTTCCTTGAGGCTCCACTGAAATGAATGAAAcctgaaatggtagagaaaactgcatagaagaggtgagatttgatctggggcctgatggaagaggcaagattggagaggataaagggttgagTGGATAACATAAGTCACAGCACAGAAATGAGAATATGCTCAGTTTTGCAGAGAAGCAATGCCTAACTAGAGTACAAGTGCATATTGAAGCCATGGGAAATTATACTGGGTGAAGATGGTGGATAAAGAGATGTCAGAGGAGTGTAAACATGAAGCAGCAGAACATAGGGAATGGCTGAGCACAGGGAATAAAAGAATTAAAATTGGGTTTGGAGAGATTAGTTGGTCAAGGTTATGCAAGACACACTGGAAGGGTGGAGACTGGCATCAAGCCAGTTAACTAGGGCATTGCTGTAGTGTTCCTTCCATGAGACAGCAAGGACTTGGGCCAGGACATGTGTGTCAGTGCATATGGTGAGACAGGATGAAAGCTTTTCAAGGAAGAAAAATACCTGGCTTGAGCATGCTGGGCTAGAGATGATGGTAGGACTTCTTGTCTAGCAGGAGTTTGAAGGTATGAGGCTGGAGCTTAGGGGAGAGGGCAGCAGGGAGAAACAGACTGACACAGAAGGGAGAGCCAATGGCATAGAAGTTACAACTGAAACTGAGAATGGAAGAGATTTCAGAAAGAAAGAATGTGAAGGGAAGGACAGAGAAATGTGAGTTGGGAAGCACCCACATTTAGGACATAGGATGAGTAAGATGAGCAAGCGCAAGAGGGAACACCCGGTCTGGAGTGTGAGACTCAGAGTGTGGCCAGAGAACCAAGGGAGCAGAGTGCTAAGGAGGAGGATGTCACCACTAGGGCAGGAAGAAGCTGGATGATCCAGAAGGTGAGGTCCTTTAGGAGAAGAGTTTCAATGGCAATCTGGGACTGGAAACGGGATCACATGGATGAAGGAGGAGCAGCAAGGCGATGGGCCAGTGGTCACATCAAATAGTGAAGCAGTTATGATGACAGGCTCTGATGGTCACAGTACCTGAATCCTGGTTCCACCCAAACTGTACAACTTAACGAGTAGAAGTGTATCTAAGTCCCAGTGCAC
>Human| chr18:65686582-65688081 | element 200473 | negative
TTATCCAAAGCAATGCTGCAGATTGTCAGGAAGACCCCTAATGCACAGTGTAACTCATAAGGTGCATCACAGTTGTAATTTGTTTGGAGGTTTTCCTTGTTTCGTTTTATTTTCAATGAATAGGAAATACTGACCTCTGCAGTGCTTCTTATTCACTCAAAAGCTTCCCACCCGGCACATGGTTCCAAAGGTGGTATGCCTGAAATTTCTTCACCCACTTCCCCGTTTAGCCTACCTTTCTCGTTATTCTTCAATGTCAGAGGGCTTTCACAAGGCCCATGCATTACTTTTGCACCTAATGTTATAGCTCTAAACAAAGTTATTAGTTTTTTTTTTTCCACAATCTTAGAGAAATCTCTGCTCTGCTGGTTCTGTCCACGTGCAGAATAAGCAGGCATGTTCTTGTGTTCTACCTCAAAAACTTCCATCATTTAAAAAAAATAGGTATGGCATGATTTTTACAGTTATATCGGTTTTCTAATATTGTCAAGGATGGTGGATGTTATACTTTCCAGTTTTCCTTATTGTTTCTGATTTTTTTCACAACGGAAAAACAGGTAAAAGTGATTTATACTTCACCATTTTATATTTCAGTTTTATGCACTTCCAGGTTtgcgtgtgcatgaatgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtTTGCATGCATGATTATTTTGCTATTTGACTAGTTTTAACATGGGATGCTTGCAATTTACTTTTTAGTTTTAATTTTCTAGTCTGATTTTGAAATTAGTAGGAGCCTGGTAGGAAAACTTTAGGTTTTCCAGTGAAAAATAAGCAAAAGCAAATAAGCTGTATGCTCTCATATATTTGTAAAATGTACATAATTACCCCATCTATAATATTAATCAGCTGCTTGAAgttggatgaggtgggcagataatgtgttgttttagttagtaggtttctggattagaaggagctatatttagacctgactgaatttatgagatcctggagtttgagtttgatgatttgatggaatgatgattcggggcagtcttggtgggtggtaagtgcacttttaatttgtgtaacacttgaagaattctgactgaaggggcagaATTTGGTAGATCGCATTGTTTTTCCCAATTTTTTTTTCATCCCAGATTAAATATTTTTTTCTCTTAGAATTTGCAGTCCTCCATTATATTTGCAACATAAAATCTTGAGGAGCCAGAgtgtatttcctcttcacgttaatcctgggcttggccatatgactctgttgactaatgTCAGGTGAATACAACGACAGATACCACTTACTAGCTTAGGTCTCTGATAGGTAATAAGTAAAAGCACTTTCGTGTGCTTCAGTTGTCGCTATGAGAAGAATGTGTCCCAATTATCCCAATGGTACCAGAATATTAAGGAGTGTAAGGAGCCAAGCTATGGCAGCTTACCAGGATATCTGGAGTCTGAAGAAGAGCTGATCAGCTGACCACAGTTGAGACCAAGTAATACATGGTTGTGG
>Human| chr10:19508135-19509634 | element 200474 | negative
ATTTAGACATTGTAATTTTGGAGGATCACAATACTTTCTGGAATGTGGTTGTTGCAGCACTGGTCACTTATACTAATTATATAAAAACATACTATACTAATGCAATAATATACCATATTAAATTATTAAATGGTAAATTTGTCTTAAATCCTCTAGAATACTGCAAAGAAATAGTTTATATAAGAAAGAGTACCATAGCATATGTGAACACAATATTTCCTAtttttttcttcttttttatttttttgaagacaagttctcactctgttgcccagactggagttcagcgccatgttcatagttcactgcaacctcaaactcccaagctcaagtgatgctcttgattcagcctcccaagtagctgcgcctataggcgtgcaccaccacaccggctaatttttaaatttttttatacatatgttgcccaagctggtctcaaattcttgagctcaagagatcttctcaccttggcctcccagagtgttgggattacaggcatgagccaccatactcagccAATATTTCTTTTCTAAAAGACATTTTCTAACATACTTCTCATTTTAACTAACATAATATTGAAAGTGTAGATCTGAGAAAGAGATAGTGCCTGCAGATCTGGGATCCTACATGCTAATATTATGGGATGCATTCAGATTTGATCAGCAGATATTCCATTTATTCTAGAACACCACCAGCAGAAGAATGTAATTACATCTATCACTAAAACTTTGTGTCAATACAGACTACTGTATTTGTTATCATAGATGGTCCTTGGATGGCAGCCTTAAACAATTTTAAACCTAGACAGTTGATGTACTTTTTCTTCTTGGATAATTTTCATTGTTTTATCTAATTTGGTTGTAACTAATGTGTTTAATATGGCTTGCTTTATTTTTTAAAAAGTTGTTCAGTATCCTTAGAACTCAGTGCTGATTTCTTTTTCTAGCAGGCCTTTTATATAGGACATCTCACTTTCTCCTGGCTCTCTACTACTAGCATGAGGTCTCTGAAAAATCAAGACAGCAAAATAATTTGTTATAGAATAGCCTATGTAGAGGGACAGGGGAGGAGTCATATTCCAAGAGGGAAAGACCTTTGAGCCAGGCTCAACTTGTAGAGGCTGTTGAATGAAAATGAGAGAGAGAGAATGCACACTTTATTGCACTATTAAAGCAAAATTCTGACAATAACTTCTAAAAATGATTCATACACTGAGCATATTACAGACCTTCCAAAAGTATAATTTCTTACATGAACGTCCAGGTATATAAAGAAAAATAACTATTTCATACCAATATCTTCAGCCGCCTTTATTGTTGGTTCACCACATAGGTTTTTATCAGAATCGCAGAACATTGATTTTTTAAATTAGCTACCATTACAACTAGCTTGAGAAGAACTTTCTTTTTAATAATTCGACCCAGATGCGTTCTAGATACTCCAGTGTTAACGAATCGATGGCTTCATGAGGAGCAGCTGTTGACTCATGCTATCTCTGGA
>Human| chr13:55642606-55644105 | element 200475 | negative
CATACATAAATAGAAATGTAGAAATATATACATtcaaatccagatggattcaagtgttgcttggcaaagataatattttaaaactctcaggaaatgtaggtgaataatttttagacctgatgtagggaaggatttgataagtaagatgtaaaaaaaaaaagtttgatatatttgaccatattaaaataaagcactcttaaagatagtaaatataaaggttataaactgggaaagcaatttaaacagatataaccatcaaaggattcatataaaaatacataaagaatcatcccaagtcaataaaagtggtataaaaatctggggaaaaaatggaggagaaatacaaacatacatttcaaagactaggaaacacacatgtccaattaatatataaaaagacacacaatctTCAATTACAAAAATCTAGTTGTCTTCTTTATTTTTATTTTACTTTAATTTTCTGTGGCACTGAATGATGGTTTCACATTTCTTGGAATCTCTTTGCTTTACTGACTTGCAGTAGTATATGCTCAATCACACTCCTTCGTATGTCGGACAGATTCCTTCCTGTTACAACCTCTTGCCTATTCTTAGTTCAATAGTttcatttaacaaacttgtcttacacaccttttatatcccagtcactacattactcatggatgataggaaatgaaaaagacatactccttgttatccttgtcctcgaagtgcttatgatctagtgaaagaagacaaggacaaaacagataaatTTCAGCATCAACTTCCTCACCCAATCATTCTACCAAACTAATGTGATATATGACCTCTTCTGTGAAACTATCTGGAGCTTGGTTGTCAGCTGTCACAGATAATGTAGGTGCCGAGGATACCACTATTGATTTGTATTTGCTATTTTCTTTCTTTTTTTATGATGGGGGTGAAACTTTACATTGTCTATGATAAGGAAAAATAACAATTATAAAAATCATGTTCtaaattttataataaattttaaatgtatatatacaattttaatGCAAATAAAATCAGTAACAGAGACATCAAAAAGGAAATAACAGTGGACTAAACCATGATGGGCAAAATAGGCATATTGATAAGGGTTGCTGGTTAGATATGCGAGATACAAAAATAATTGTTTATGTTGATTATGTGTAGAGAAATTAAGACCAGTTTGTCTCCAGAGAGATATTTGGCATTTGCAATGCATAAACTTTTTTCCAGTCAACTAGAAATCATGAGAAAAGAAGTAGCAACCATTAAAAAATATGAGCAACTTTAAGCTCTATTAATGCTAAAGTAGGTTGTTGTTTTACATATTAATCATATCCCTTGCCCTTGAGGATTTTGAAATATTGTGAGGAAAGAAAAAGATGAATATTATATAACATAATTTCAAAACTGCACTGGGTTAAGAGAGGTGAGTCACAGATTATATTGCTAGGTTACAAAATTCATCTTTTAATGGCAGAAATACCTATGTATGGCTCTGCTTTA
>Human| chr12:74377623-74379122 | element 200476 | negative
acctgcacaatgtgcacatgtaccctaaaacttaaagtataataataaaaaaaaataaaagaaataataataaaaaattaaaaaaataaaaaataaataaaaaaaaaaactttcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaGGAATGCATGGGGTAATGAAAACAATTAGAACCCTAAACTTTTTGCATTCTGCTTGGGTCTTCCTCCTATAATTTGCTTAGAATTATCCTGCAATAACCTAAAATTGTAGTCCTCTTCTGTAGAGATGGGAGTTAAGCCACCGAACTTCACTTCTCTCTACCCATCTGCAACTGATGTGTTCGTGATTATGCTAATTATCTTCTTGTTTAAGTGGGGTGTGTTAATGAATTGTAAcctaggcggtcggatcatgaagtcaggagatcgagaccatcttggttaacacagtgaaaccctgtctctacgaaaaatacaaaaattagcctggtgtggtggtgcatgcctgtaatctcagctactcaggaggctgaggcagcagaatggcatgaacccgggaggcgaagcttgccttgagccgagatcgcgccactgcactccagcctgggcgacagagcaagactaggtctcaaaaaaaaataaaaataaaaataaagagaaAGAAAATACAAATGTTAGTTGCCAATATAATTATATTATTACAAaagctgcattgacttattttatctgatttcacgttcatagaaatcctatgatatgagtgttttatccttattttatagaaagctgagtagtagagaATTGTCACAAATGTTTATACATAATTAATAACACAACCgatagaatttgctagtgaagccatcctgtcatggactttgtgggaaggtttttgattactaattcagtttattgttatgggtctattaaaatgttctaccttgtcttgagtcatttaaggtattctaggaatttgcccatttcatccaggttacccaatttgctagcatacaactgttcatagtattatcttataatctttttatttacctaaggttaacactaatgtccccacttccatctctagttttctttctcctctatattttagttatttgtgttttctttctttatttctttgaatctagctaaatatttgtcaaactttgctgatctttccaaagaaccaacttttggatctactcattttctctgttgtttttctattctctattttacttatctctgctctagccttaacaatttccttctttctgttagctttgggcttaatttgttcttgttatttttttctagttctttgaggtaaagtgaggttattgatttgggagctttctttttaatttaaaaaattatagctagaaatttccttctgagcagtgcttttgctggatgtcatatattttggtatttgggtttttgtttatggctatatattttcctctgtgatttcttctttgatccattcattgtttaacagtgtgttgtttaattgccaagtatttttgaattttc
>Human| chr3:32662250-32663749 | element 200477 | negative
CATTGAATGCAAAGCAATATTTAGCATCTTTGCCTTCGTTGTACACAGCTGAAGCGGGAGCCCAGGGAGGGGAACACTGCATGGTTTTCCTTGGTGGGGGAGGTGTGCACCCTGCAGTCCTGTCGTGTTGGGGGAAGATCAGCCCATGTTCTGTCGGTTGCCATAGCCCCCAGGATGGGTGTCCTTCCAGTTATCCCACTCCCGAACTCTGTAGAGTGTTCATCATCCTCTCCCTCCTTCACTTCTTGATACTTCTGTTGCTGAGCTGCTTTTCTGAATTTCTCTGGTGTTGCAGTGGCTATTCCCTGATCTGGCAATGCTCCATATTTCCGATGTTGTTCATACCAGTCACTCACTGTCATAGTTGCCAGACTTGGATAACTAGCTCCAAATAATTTGGCTTGGGCTGTGTTCCGCGTGAGAATGAAGGATTTCACTGGAGGCCTCTCCTGGAGAGATGAGTTAGAAGCTAATGACTGTCTTCAAGAGTCTCTCTCAGGATCTTTATTTCCTGGTCAATGCTCTCAATCTCTTCTAAGCTGGTATCAATCCCCCTTTGAAGGTGAAGAAGATAATATTCACGAACATGCTCATCATCTGCTTGACCACTTTCCACAGCAGATTTCATTGCAGACAACCTATGGTCCAACTCCTTCTTCTGCTTGTATCTCTCTATTTTAGCCTGCCTTTGAGATGCCATAGCAACGAGACTAGGATAAGCCATGGAGGAATTAGCAGTGTGATTTTCAGCTGAGTTGTTCTTGGTTTTGAGCAGCTCAAACTTTGCAATGTGATAGTAATGGCACTGAGTTAAGTAGTTTATAAAATGTTCTCGAGCCCGCTGCAAGACGCTTGCTAGGGTTGACTTGTTTCATGGTGAGGGCTCCTTGAAGTGCTGGCACCAACAGGTACTTCAGCTCGGTGAAAGCAATCTCTTCCAAATCTTCATTTCAATTGAACAAGTCGAGCTGCGATAACATTTCGGGAACCTTCTCAAGGAGGCCCAGGCCCTTGAACACCTTCTCCTGGACTATCTGGTAACCGGTGGTTTCAGCTGCTAATTCTACTTCGTCCAGAAGCTGTTTGCCTGTTTCGAGCAGCATGGGGAGCCGCGGCAACAGTAACTCATCTTCAGCAGCCATCTTGGGGAGGGAGGGTGTAttttctttttaagagagacagatcgcactattttgcccatgctggacttaacccctgggctcaagtgattctccttcctcagcctcccaaaTATAAAAAATGTTAAaattttaaatggattgaaatcattcaaattatcttcttcaatcacaatggaatcaaattaaattcaataacagaaggaaatctggagaatttgcaagtatgtgaaaatgaaacagtacactcataaataactaaagggtcaaaagagaaatcactggtgaaattagaaaatactttgagttgaataaaaatgaaaacacaatattcaaaaacttatgggattcagataaaaca
>Human| chr12:130393702-130395201 | element 200478 | negative
gagcatggtgggaggggaggtacaggggaggcgcaggagacagaggatgcaggggcctcgtCAGGACTCAGGAAGCCAGAGTGAAGCTTCAAGCGGGGAAGTTGTAGGAGCCCATTCACATTTTCGGAAGATCTCTTGGCGTACCAATAGTACCACAGAGGCAGGGGCTAGGCACAGGTGCGTCTGGTAAAATGTAGCATGCCAGACTCCCATCCCTTCCACGGGGCCCCTGTTCTGCTTCCCACTGGGCCAAATCCAGAGGCCTCTGCGTGTGCCAGGCAGGTGGCTGCAGGAACAATCGCAGGCCCAGCCCAGGGAGGCCGGCCAGACAAGACCCGCACAGCTCAGAGACAGCACAACATGCCGGGGCATCCTGTCGGCGTTCAGAGCTATGAGTGTGTAGTGGCCCCTGGAATGCTGAACCTGTGTCTCCTTTCCACTCTGATGTTTGGTCTCTCTCTTCTTTCTCAAGAACGCCTGTATTAATTTCTCATCTAGCAAGTCCCGACCCTGCGGTTTCAGAACATGCCCTGTGCTGGGCCGGTGGGGTTTTCTAGGATGGAGAAAATGAGGTGGTGGGGTTGACTGACACTGAGGTCCAGGCCGGACTTGGAAATCCATCTGCCAGCACGTGGTTTGTGTGAGCAGCTGTGAGCTCTGTTTAGGGTGTCTCCCTCTGTGATCACTGAGAACTGGCACTCTGCAGCCCACTTGCAGGGTGTGGGCCTTCCCTTTATGGGGGCTCGGCTAACAGCACACAATAAGAAGGAAGAGGGGGTGTCCCACCAGAGATCGGCCTCCCCAGGAACAGACTCAGTCCCTGTCCATCCCTCCAAGAGGACTTGACCTCAAACAAAAGAGAAAACTGGCAATCATGTGGCCTGCAGCACGAGCCCGTAATGAGTCCATTTGACGTGCATCAAAAAGATCAATTTACTTCTCGGAGCTAAGCATCCAAACGATTTGATTTCTTTTGTCCGCTTAAAATCAATGTGTCTAATGGACTTGAAGGGCTGGGTTCTTAGATGACAGAGGCCTTTGTCAGGGAATCAATTAACCCATTGCAGAGATCTTCAGTTCAGACGTACACATCCCACGATTATTGTTGAAGAAAATAGCTCCTCTGCTACTGTACCAAAAAGGAAAATTAAAAAGTGTCTATGAAATGGATACACAGGGAGTTAATCCTGCCCTAGAGGAGCTCTTAGTGGCCAACAAGGGAAAGGGTTTATCCAGCAATTTGTTGAGTTTGCCAACATCAAAGAGAACGTAAACACGCAAGATGCTGTTGCTTGTCAATGTATACACCAGCTTCAAAGCTGAAGTCTGAGGATAGTGTCAATGGCCCAATTTAGACGTTATTAAAGGGTGCTTTGGGGAGTGAGCACATGAATTGAAATAAAAGGGTTGTGGCTACTTCTGGTTTAGAGGAACTCAATTTTTTCTCTTAATAAAAGCCCCCTAATTTCCTCAAGTAATTAACTTAATGTTCACTCCAAT
>Human| chr12:88312992-88314491 | element 200479 | negative
CTCTGAAGGAAAGTAACATCTCAAAGCTTTTTCTTAAGAAAGATGTGCCATGCCAAATAGAAATAAACTTAGGTATGAGACCCATTCTGTGAGTATTATTCTTCTTCGGCCATTTAACTCAATGTGATCATCAAGAAAAGAACTGAAAATATTTGTTGGGCCACAGATCTCTCCAGGGAAAAACTGTAAGGCTATGGTAGATATGATGCATCCTGGAGTGGTAGCATTCAAAGTGTGTGCCTcaatttcaaatcctttacaggagctaacagataatctaaaggaataaatcaagtcaatgatagagcaataatgggagtgttggagactggataaaattggaatgtcctgtctaaagggacagtgttactcaactccttcctactacttcctactgttgtcatgcagaaatatggttcagtgctaccagGCAACCCATTTTCGAAAAAGAGAAGTATAGggctaggtgtggtggctcctgcctataaccccagcactttgggagacagaggcaggaggatttcttgaggtcaagaatttgagtccagcctgggcaatgtagtgagactccatctctacaaaattaaaaaaaaaaaattgtaggatgtggtgatttgtgcttgtagtccagctacttagaagcctgattcaaggctgcagtgagctgttatcgagccactgactccaacctgggtgactctaaagagaccctgtctcaaaaaaaaCCTTAAAATTAAAAAGTTTCAAGAGAAGTGTGAAATTTTATTTTAACATAAAATTCTCTGatatttaaataataaaaataaattGTATAATGCTTAAACTACAGGATGACTTCAGATGCTGAGTCTCTAATTTGCAATCTCTGATCCAAGTATATCTTCCTCACATTATGAGAAATAGTTTCTCATACTAACAATTCTGATCTTAAATGGGAAAAATTAAGAAGACTTTAACCCAAATGATGGCATAAGCTATATACTTTCCACATAGGCATAAGTGTGCActaatgacttgcttttaatttcactgtgaaatggaagtaatcagaagagaattcctctagtgcttaccacaaaactgccatctgtccctgttttcctatttcttctgccttccctcctgttacaatggatgaatgatttatgctgctctctaaggccatcccctccacctgtgtcatgtatcatatcccctttttaccactcaaagccattgcccTTTGCAATGCAATGATACTTTtctctctctctccctctctctctctctctctcAGCCAAATTCCTTAGAAGAGCTGTTCTTCCCTCTGTAaagattttattcccaaaatttactgaaaatgctaatatgcaaggtcaacaatgacttctacttttccaagttttatcaattctatggcttcattttattcaatctatcaatacttatcatccctttttaaactcattttaactcgacttcgatatcaccttggttatcctcccatttcttaatctattt
>Human| chr5:62999453-63000952 | element 200480 | negative
TACttttaaactttctcaactgaagtacaatataaaaacagaaaagtttataaagtataagtatattgcttggtgaatcatcacccatatgatccccattcaggccaagaaacagaagacgctcaggctgaagacgccccttgtcatctttgcccaatcaccccaactggtgacttctaacacaatagattacttttgtctctttatgcactttagatcagtgggcatgagaggatttgatggccaggtttaaagtggtgtttgttacttctgcttaaattccactggccaggattcagtcacatagacatgcctgcctgcaagaagagttggaaaacatagtTCACTCAGACTGTGTTGAGTAGCTAGCTACGGGAGACAGTCAGCAAACATCTATTGTAGTCCTTGTGAGTATCTTCTAATTATCCTTACCTCCCAAGATCTTAGCACAATCAGGATCCAGGAACAAAGCTGCAAGAACATATAGTCATCCATTCCAAAGCCAAGAAAGAGATAACTGTAAATACTAATGCTTAAATATTTTGTGCCTATCAAAACTGAGCTACTTTTAAGTAACTTTTAAACAGAATGGAAGTTATCTCTATAAGATCACTGTCTtacatatatatatatatatatacacatatatatacacatatatatatacgtatatatatatacacacacacacacacacacacacatatacatatatatGGTACAGGACCTATTTTTTTATTTGAAGTAGTATGGATTTttttatttatattttattttttatttatattttattttatttatatACATGTAAGAAATATACTACAGAATATATTAACTTCATATATATTAACTTCAAAatacatatgtatattgaagtatatgtgtgtgtgtatatatatatatatatatatatatTTGAAGTTAAAAGAAAAAGAAAGGAGAAACAAAGAAGAGTCAGCTAATCTTCCATGAATTTTCCAAGAGAAAGAGTCACATATATGGATATCTTGGTTATAGATGTTTAGTGAGAAAAAAGTGAATAGCAAATATTGCCTTGGCAAATTCCTTGACTATTTTGTTCTAATTCATCTCTCAAATGTTACATTTTACAATtgtaatagactgaattatgttcccccccagttcaggggttaaagccctaatgcccagtgtgaccatatttggagataaggtctttactgagggaattaaaacaacaaggtcaaaagtgtggggtcctaatccaataggactggtgtccatctaagaagaagagacaccaggagtgggtatgcacaatggaaaggccatgtaagaactcagaaatccaagccaaggacagaggtatcaccagaaaccaaccctgccagcactctgatcttggacttctagcctccagaactgtgagaaaatcaatttctgtactttaagccatccagtttgtgggattatattatggcagccctggaagacGTATATAACAGTCCTCCGGAAAACTGA
>Human| chr2:97485606-97487105 | element 200481 | negative
TGTCAGGATCTTCGCTGCCATGGTCTTGTCTTTCAGATGCGATGGATGAGCTTGGTCCAGGGTGGTTGGGGATTCCACTTGGGGAAGAATAAAAAATGTTCATGTTCGTTGGGAAGGAGCGCAGAGGCAGGATGTCCCCTGGCGGGGGGGCTTGTGTGCTGTGTAAGGAACTTGTACTTGATCACCAGGGCCATGAGCATCAAGCAGCAGCATCAGTTATTTTTACAGATCAGTAACAATTGTGGACACCAGCGCAGGGAGACCAGCGGTGTGAGGGATCCAGGTGAGAGGGGATGATAACCTGAACAAGGTTCATGGCAGGCCTGGAGAGGAGCCCCAAGAGGGCAGCAGAGGTGGAATTGGGAAGATTGGTATCTGGCAGCAGGGCTATGCAACAAGGAGGAGCAGCTGAGGATGAGGCCCAGATTTCTGGCTGTGTGGTGGCGGTGCGCCTTCACTAAGGGCCGGGCGTGGGGAGCAGGTTTTGGCCATTGAATTTGTGTCTGTGCAGTGTCCCAAGAGGCAAACTCCTAGCAGGCCGTTGATGTGAAATGCAAGTGGGAGGCAGAATAGGAGTGTCTCTCAAGTCATGGGAGGGAGGCAGAGAGCCTCAGCCTCCTAGGAGCACAGGTGTGTCAGGGGCAAGGGAAGCCCAGGAGAAGCTGGCCAGGAGGAGGCAAGACCAAGGAAGGAGGAGTTCCCGAGATGCGGAATGTCCTGGAAGCTAAGGGAAGAGACCACTTTCCCAGGGAAGGTGAGTGACAGGAGAGGAGGCCAGCAAACAGGATGCCGTTGACCTTTGCAAGAGCAGATTTGGTGCCACGGCAAGGGAGCCATTTGGGGAATGAATGAGGTGTGGAAAGGTACGAGAACCAATGTAGACAGCCCTCCACAGAGTGTGGCTGCAGAGAGAAGTGACTGGCAGAGGATGTGGGACAGGGGAGGAGGCCTTCTGCTGTTTGGTTTTAAGATGGGCAAGTCCAGTAGGTTCAGATTGAAATGCAGGTTGAAATGTAGCTAGGAAGGAAATTAGAGAGGCCAGGGTCCGGGCTGCTCCTGTTCTGGGCTGGGTGGCCTCCAGGCAGGTCACAAGCAGCCCGATGCAGGAGGATTTGGGGTTGAGTGCCTCTGCTTGAAACAGACCTTTCTAAAAGCTGCCTGACAACATGCTGAAAAGGATCCCCTTGGAAGACAGTGGGGGAGGTTTTTGGAACCTGGAGGTTAAATGGGGAGCTCTTTAATCCCCCTTGACTTCCCCGCTCCTGTGGTGAGTGAGGGCCATTCGTGGGCAGACTGGCCATGTCTTTCTGGTGACATCCCGGAGCTTTTTTCTCTGCTTCTCTAGTTCAGTGCAGTCCTTTGGCAAATATCTTTATTTTTTCCGTGTTAAAGTCCTTTTTGTCCTTCCTAACCTTCTTAAGCATTCCTCCACTTAGGAACAAAGGGCATATTGCAGTCTTTGTGGCGTGTGAGGTTTTAAAAATCGATTCCCTTTCCATC
>Human| chr14:98787637-98789136 | element 200482 | negative
TATCTGGAGAACACAGGCCCCTGCAATCCTAATCACAGGTGGCAACTCTTCCCAAAACAGCCAAATCACCTTAAGGCTTGACTTTGAGCTTTGAGTAAGACATGCTATTCAGACCCTTGCCAGTCCTATTCACCGCCCTGATTAGGCTTATGTGGGAATTCCCATGTATTCACATCCTTTGAAACACTTCCCCTAAGGCCTGGCACTATATAGTCCAGAAGGTTCCCTCACTCCCAATCCTGGCCTATACTGAATCCTAGCCTATGATACTCAGCTAATAATGACATCACAGCATAAAGGAATAGGCAAGCTTGTCCCATAGAGAAGAGGAAAACTTTCCTCTCTTTTAAAATATTACTATTCTCTAGCACTAAGTGGTCCAACTTCAGAATAAAATCATAAATCTGGAAGCTTCTTTAAAAGTCAGATATGGAAATTCTATTACATTTAACTTTTTGTTGAATGGCTTCAGCTATTTTCTTCCTCTAATATCTGGGGTTCAGCCAACCATAGGACACTTGTTCTGTGTTCATTAGTAAATTAATATATCTGGAAGCAAAGATGGTCTCTGGAAGAAGCAGATTCACTTTTCTTCAGATTTAATAAAATTATGTTTGGGGAAGACTGttgatgtccaagaatccttgtgagtcttttaaagacattgtttcttctcacaaatgagaccttgctgatgccaggaagtaatgaactggaaaaccacatggtgacagtcggttcttaacttggcccacATGTGTTAGGCTGGCTGGGGAAGAAGCTCGTGACGTCCTTACTTCTTAttttcctttcttttctgtttttttttttttttcccttttccttccatttcctctcttGCTTCTACCACCTCCTTCCTTTATCTCTTATGCTATAAATATAGGCTTTATTTACAGGCTTTAaatacaggcttggtatttacatgtaccaaggaatagacttggtacatgctacttagttgtgtggccaatttgtatcatgtaagcagaatatcttatcccactgagtatcagttttcttatctgtgacatggtaatgagacatccattcctcacTTGCTTCTTCCTAGAAGAATCTGTCTTCCATTTTCACGAGGCCAACTCTCCCCCATTCAGCTCTTAGGAGTCAGGTGAGTGGACAACATCCTCAGATCTAAGAATGAGACTTTGAATGGTCCAAGTCAATAATGGTCATCCCTTCTCTCTGAAGGGTGAGGGGTTCAGAAACCCAGGCTTGCACCTGTCAGAGCTTGAGGCTACGTGTAGGTTGGCTGTGAATGGGGGAGAAGCCTTCTCACTCTGGCCCTCTGGAAACATGCTGCCTGGGAGCTTCTAGAATCCATCATACAAGTACAGAGATAGCCACCCTGAGGATGAAGCTGTCACCAAAAGGAGGCAAAAGAATTGGAAAGAAGTGGAGCTTTATTGCTTATCCTGCTGTATAGACACTGTTAACTTGGACTTCCTGTTATGTGAGACA
>Human| chr4:46201702-46203201 | element 200483 | negative
tcttttgatcccttcatgccattccaatcacaattttaacactgttagttagttttagtttttcttgttaaactacatgaaggaaaaggtgatgtctgtctcatttgccagtctatctctaggatcttgcatgttacccaatatctagtatgtgctcaataaaaacatgtcaagtgaatgaatTAACACAATGTGCTTTCTCATGAATTCAAGAAAAAGAGGTTGTGTAGGTcaggggtccccaacccctgggccaggaacattacagttccctggactattaggaaccaggccgcacagcaggaggtgagtggccagcaggaaatcattatgcctgtgctctgcctcctgtcagataagctgcagcattagattctgcagctcgaaccctattgtgaactgcgtgtgtgagggatctaggctctgtgctccttatgacaatctaatgcctgatgatctaagatggaacagtttcatcccaaaagcatccaccacccaacatctgtggaaaaactgtcttccacaaaattggcccctggggccaaaaatgttggagaccactgGTGTAGGTCACAGAAAACTGAAGATAGATGGCCTATCATAGATATTGGTCACCATGAAAAATTCCCAAATTGATTAAATAGTTAAATAGAGAAGGGGTTACAAAGAAATATTTATGTGATAATTAGTTTGATTCTTCTATGAGACAACTGTTTCTAAGTTTAAAAGCAGCAGAAGGACATCAAATTAACATCAGTAGGTTTAATGACATAAAACTTGAATACATTCAAAGTAGGGTAATACAAAAATTTAAAACAAACTTGGGAGAAATACCAAAAACACAAATGGTAGGCAAAAGACCAATTCTTAATTTACAATTACATCATTTAAATTATTAAGAAGAATACAATTATATCAAAAATGAGTAATGGACCATAAATATAATAACTATAAaattgtcagcagtaattgtgattttactatgtgctgtgttcaagacactgcattatgttttatatacattgcttcatttaattccctaataatcatatgaaatagataatgttattaagagtattttatggaggaggagtctgaggaacagggaggctaattaatttacccagtattacacccatttgcaatgggaatagatttaaactcagaactttctcacaaaaagttcTAATTTATAACAACTCTGGTAGATTGACAATTGAAAAATGGGGAAGTATAAAAAAGAAAAAATATAATTCCATAAATAAGTAACGGATGTCACTCTTATCCCTTATCATTTTTGCACACTCCCTTCCTTGCAGGGCACAGCCTGGTTAAATCCAAACTACCATCCACTCTGCCCCTGATTCCATGTAGctgaacacacttatattagcatataaacatggtgaagtttttctcattttttaaaaaagtcttctcttttattttccaactatgggctgtcccatttactcagacttctatgaaacaaaactttga
>Human| chr9:134119982-134121481 | element 200484 | negative
tgtgggcggcaagccacccaggtgccgaggcaagagaccgaggacacgagctgttgcagtataataaaatataaaacaagaatagttataccagatatagatcttagatatgattatctatgaatatcattaatcactagtttgtagcaattactctttattccaatattataataatccttgctctacaatcataacctaggaaaaaccaggtcacacagagataggaactgaggggacataatgagaagtgaccagaagacaagagtgcgagccttctgttatgcccagacagggccaccagaagggctccttggtctagcggtaacgccagtgtctgggaagacacctcttgccaagcagaccatggtctagcggtagcgtcagtgtcaaggaaaaacacccactacttagcagaccgggaaaaggagtctccttttccctgggggagtttagagaagactctgctcctccacctcttgtggagggcctgacatcagtcaggctcgcccgcagttatccggaggcctaaccgtctccctgtgatgctgtgcttcagtggtcatgctcctagtccaccttcatgttccatcctgtacacctggctctgccttctagatagcaatagtaaattagtgaaagtactaaaagtctccgatatgcagaaataatggagtaaactgtctttctctttgtctcctctctctctctgcctcggctgccaggcagggaagggcccccggtccagtggacacgtgacccacgtgaccttacctatcattggaggtgactcacactctttaccctgccccttttgctttgtatccaataaataacagcgcagccagacattcggggccactaccggtctccgtgcattggtggtagtggtcccccgggcccagctgtcttttcttttatctctttgtcttgtgtctttatttctacactctctcgtctccgcacatggggagagacccaccgatcctgtggggctggtccctacaataaaacaaatctcaataactttaaaaggattcaacttacacaaaatatgttctctgaccacaatggaattaaattagaaatcattaacagaaagatagccagaaaaatctccaaatagttggcagctaaataacacattatttaaaaaaaggaactcagaaaatattttaacttaatgaaaaatgaaaacatgacatcacaagttgaggtgctaaagtagtacttgcagggaaattcatagcactaaatgcctatattaaaataagaaaaaagtgtcaggtgcagtggctcatacctgtaattccagtacgttggaaggctgaggtaagtggattacctgaggtcaggagttcgaggccagcctggccaacatgatgaaactctgtctccactaaaaatacaaaaattagttgggcatggtggcaggcacctgtaatcccaactactcaggaggctgagtcaggagaatcgcttgaactgggaggcagaggt
>Human| chr10:125968296-125969795 | element 200485 | negative
cctcctcagccaggggcctttgtTCTTGCCTCACCAGTCCTTACCTACCTCGAGAGACCCCCAGCTAGATGGGCTTCAGACCCTGAGTGTGAGCCAACTGGGCAAAACTTGAGTTCCAGGCATGAGGAGCTCACACATCATCTCCCCGTGGCTCTTGGGTCCCCACTCCTGCCCCGTgggcagccattagaaatggcctcattcatagaaaaggacacacccattaagtggctgacctcaagccaaaaagcaaggaagcaaagggccagagcttgcagaccagtctctgagtcgtgctccagggtgctctgcactCTGAGCTGGACTCATGCCTGTATCTGACCTCGGATGACAATCCTCACTTGCGTGTCCTGCCCCTCGCCACCCAAGCACGTGCCTGGCTCTGTCTGCAGGGCTTCACTGACTCTGCGTCAGACCCACACTTCTTGCTTCCTCCTGTTTCTTGCTTCCTCCATGCAGAGGACAAGTTGCAATTGGGTGGGCTGCTCAGCCATTCACTGTctgacatgtcccgagtgtttatgtgcacctctgtgccaggtgcaatgtgagcttttcacacttgtcatttcaggttcatcctcagcaggcattattagccctaatttgtcaaggagaaagctgagcctcaggaaaggcaatgaattttctgaggccacacagccaggaagggcagggctgggctgggaattgaatctcgtctgactAGTGCACGATACCTCATCATGTTTGTTCCACAGGAAGAAAACGAAAATTAGAAACAAGGCTGTGTTAGAAAACTCACGTATTgggcaggcgcagcggctcacgcttgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggtgggcggatcaccaggtcaggagatcgagaccatcctggctaatacggtgaaaccccatctctactaaaaatacaaaaaattagccaggcgtggtggcgggtacctgtagtcccagctactcaggaggctgaggcaggagaatggcgtgaacccaggaggcggagcttgcagtgagccgagatcacgccactgcactccagcctgggcaacagtgcgagacactgtctcaaaaaaagaaagaaaaCCCACGTGTTTTATTGCACTTGTGAATGACATGTAATAATTCAAAAGCAAACTCAAGTGGATGGAAAATTCCAGCTGGCTTGTGTTTCCAGGGACTGGGAGAACTGAGGAGACTAACCTGAGCACCAGGACATGGGGACCTGAGACTGTCCTGCCACCGCCAGCAAGGAGTTGCTGGCAAAGAACCCTCTGTGGCTCCAGGCTGGGCGACCTGGACTCTTAGGTTACGGAGATAGGAAAGGTCACCCCAACAGAGGATATGGCTTTTGGAACACACAGCAGCCTTGGTACGGCCGGGCCACTCCCCTGGCCACTCCAGCCTTGCCCCATCCACAGGAAGAGCTGCCAAACCTCCTGGGATGCAGACCCAGCAGCTGAGGTGCCCATGGCCTGG
>Human| chr10:64942771-64944270 | element 200486 | negative
ccaccacacccagctaattttgtatttttagtagagacagggttatagcatgttggtcaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctccagtgattcacctgccttggcctcccaaagtactgagattacaggtgtgagccactgcgcccagccTCAATAAATGTTTACAAGTGCGCTTAATGGTGTATTTTCATCAACACAATACTTAATGATAGAAAAGAAGttaaaatattcaattttaaaattaaaatttCACTTACATAAAAAGAAATAGGAAAATTATTCAATCTTCAAGTAATAAGGGCTAAAATGCCCCTACATCCATTGCAATTCTTTTTGAAATCTTCGCTGTTAACTCAGAAGCTGATATTCTGGACAATACTAGTGAATGTGATTATTCAACTCTTATTTCAAAGACTACTTATTCTTTTAAGTTTACCTGCTTTTGAGAGAATGCCATTTCCTTTTGCTATGCCAACATAAACTAGTATATTTACAACATCAGAAACTTCAATATGGAGATTTGTTGTTCCTATATCATGATCTTTAGCAGCAACTACACCTGTATATAAAACAAAATTTTACTTGACAAAATATTTATATATATGTAATAGCATAATCAGATATTCCCCCAAATTAGCTCGATCTGCATAATTTAATTGTAATTTGAGTTTTAGTTTCCTTATTACAAAAACCTGTTCCAAAAGCCACAATCTATAAAAGACCCTATTATTTGAATAATTACATTTCTATAATAAAATGTACTATGATTAAAAATCAAATAAATAAAAAATCAATAAGCAGGTACTTAACTATATATTGGCTGTTAATTCCTAACATGTTGCTTCATATAAAAAAGGGTTTCGATGGATTAAAGGAACAGATTTAGTAGAAACTAAAAATCATTAGACAATTTGTAGGAACAGTAAttctttttttgagaaggagtctcgctctgttgccaggctggagtgcagtggcatgatctcgactcactgcaacctccacctcccgggttcaagcaattctcctgcctcagcctcctgatagctgggactacaggtacacgctaccacacccagctaatttttctatttttagtagagatggggtttcaccatgtcagccagggtggtctcaatctcttaacctcatgatccacccacccaccttgacctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgggccaccacgcccATCCTTGAACAGAAAtttttttttttttttttttgagacggagtcttgctctgttgcccaggctggagtgcagtagtgcaatctcagctcactgcaacctccacgcctcctgggttcaagtaattctcctgcctcagcctcctgagtagctgggactataggcgcacgccaccacacctggctaatttttgtattttttagtagagacagggtttcaccatgttgaccaggatggtctcaatctcctgacctcgtgattcacccgccttagcctcccaaagagtgct
>Human| chr9:104656815-104658314 | element 200487 | negative
ttatccaatgcttctacctcctgaataaagtggagacagtcctcaacttatgtggggggggaggggtagtgtgtctacttacaatttttctaccttacaatgatgtcaaagtgatacatattaagtagaaaaaatatttcagatacccatccagttactctcttttcactttccatacagtattcgataatactgttgaatgagatacctcacactttattataaaataggctttgtgttagatatttttgcccaactgtaggctaatgtaagtgttctgagcacttataaggtgagtgaggcaacctgtgatgttaaataggttagatgtaacaaatgcattttggacttggcgatgttgtcagcttacgatgggtttatcaggacctaaccccattgtaagtcaaagagcatctgcattagcaacttaatctttTTTTTTCCTTCAAGCTTAAATTTTGTCATATGTCCAGAATGGGTCAGCAGAGCAGAAATTCCAGTGAAGAGTAACTAGAACCAATTTATGAAGCTAAGCAGGGGAATAGCAGATCCCGAGTGTGACTTCAAGGAGAATGGTTCAGATATATTTCAAGTAAAGGCTTTTAAATACTTCCATATATATTCCAGTGGGAATTGTGATGAGAGTGTATGATTTAGATATCGACTTCTTAAATAAAATTGAATATTTGAAATAAAGTATGCAAATAAATTCTGGGCAATAGAATTGTCTCATAATTTGGATAGCCAATAATTGAAAGGTTTTAAAAATAAAAATCTCTCTTTTTTTGTTAAACAGGATTTATTTAAAATAAAGCTGTCATACAAGTGCTGGCTATCAACTGTTTATGTTCAGAGACTGCACATTGTACTTTTTGTGAGGGGGAGCCTCGAATTCTTAAAATGTGTTTCTTAAACAGTGCAACTCCAATTTATTAATGAGAATATCAAAGTCTTTGGGTTTTTCTGTATTAGGTAGGAGAAGGATAATGAAAGATTCTTTTTGAAGTCCAAGTTGTGTCATCTAAATAGGTCTCCCCTGAATATGAGTAGATGCATGTCTATTTCTGGTGCAAGCAATGATTGACCACCATTATTCTACTCAAGGTgcctaaaatacctatctatagaagcataatcaaaataattgcccctgtccctagagttctatgaaaattagataatgtcagcaaaagtgcttttagctgctacagtggtatTATGACCTTTATTCTCCACTTAGAACTAGTCTGAAAATAGTTCCATAATAACCTCTCATTAAAGTTCTTGAGTCTGTATAAAGCCAGTGATATGGAAAGACAGTAGCCATAGACCTATTAAATAACTAATAGGTAGGGTTTAGGGACAGGAAGGAAAAAGAGTACTGCAGAAGGAAGTTAAACTTTTGACACAGAAGTTGGCTAGGCTGTAGTAAAAGTGACTTTTCAAATATATTAGTctttcttttttcctccttcccttcctctgatccttcttttcttc
>Human| chr8:136625063-136626562 | element 200488 | negative
gccagtccagattgagatgtgctggaagtgtaaaactcacaccacattccagagactttgtatgaaaaaaagaatgttaaaaaaattattaaaattaatttcacctatttctttttactttttttacatgtggctactggaaaGCTCTCTATTACAGTGTCTTCTCATAGACAGCACTGAGTTAAATGATTCTGGCTGTGTCTGTCTCTGGCACATACTCACTTATGGGTAAGCAAGACAGCAAGACAGTCCACAAGCCGCAGAGAGAGAACTGGAAAGCGGCCCCTCATATTCCTACTTTTTAAATTCCTATTTTAATGTTTGTATGTTATTTAAAATATAGCTTAGTAATATTATAGTATGCATAAGCACATTACAGTTACAAGTTCAAAAACATTTTTATTTGTGCCGATGTATTATCAGAAACAGAGACCGGTGCCACAGTGGTTAagtctgacggacctatggtcagacgccaactttaacatttactggctctgtaatttgaggtgagttatttaacctctctaagcctccttttataaaatgTGTAACTGTTTCTACTTGTGAGAACAGTGTAAAAAGATTCTCGTTTAGAGGGCCGGCCTGAAGGCTGAAAGAGACAGGAAAGCACGTAGTCTTTGTAAACTGTGTAGAGGGAAGTCTGTTGTCCACTCCGTTGTCTCTGCTTGAGGACTGAATGAGATGGTTTGCATAGGGAGGTAGCACAGTGTGAGCCCGAGTTCCTGCCATCCTTCTGCAGCTCTAAATTCCTTCTGCTTGTTGTTTCACACAAGAGTGGCTACGAAGAGCAGGTTCTGGGAAACCTGCAAGGACTGTGCGAGCAAATGTTTTATAGTGAGAGAGGAAACCTTGCAAAGGGCTTCTTTCCTGTGGATGGTCAGTGTCAGTATTTCCTGTGCACTGAGAGTCGGTAAGGTCAACAGCCATATCCTACCTGAAAACAAACTTGAGTAAGACAGCAAGGCGGCCTGGCTACCGTTGGGTATGATCTGTTGTGTGGAAGGGCTTCTTTCCATAATGACTTTTAAACTCCTGAGGTCCTCATTATTATGACACTCTTGTGTTACAGAAACAAGTTTATCTTTGGAGGTTTTACAGATTAGGAATTTTTTTCTTCCAATTTTCAAATACCTTGCATTCAAATCAGAGTACAAATGAGAATTCCCATAAAAAAATTCAGTATAGTTCAGGTACATTTCCCCATTGATTTTTGTAATGACCTTGATAATGCTAACATTACAGTATAAAACAAAAGTATCGTTTATCTAACTTCACACATTTAATGAGTAACAAGATTTTGACACAGTTACTATGAAGAGAAATATAAACTATTCTTTACAATATTGGAATTATTCTAATACACATTGGCTCAAAAATAGATGTTGATTACTTCCTGTGGATACACAGCTTCGGAATAGCTAGTATAGTGAATCAAAACGAATGGGTGATAATGACCTCAGCCCTCAGAGCCCTTCC
>Human| chr7:136908646-136910145 | element 200489 | negative
ACAACCACAACTGCCGCGATAACAAAAAATAATAACCTGATATTCATGGTGACAGGAATAAGTCTTCAAGAGCAGCTTCATTTACATTTATCATGTTCTTTAAAAAATAGTGTGGTACCTTTTTTTTTTTAACAGAAAGATTATCAGGCAAAAATGACTACCTTAAAAGCATGCAACTTTTAGGATTTAGAAGTCTAAAATTCATGTCATTCATTGCAAATATTTCAATCTGTTGATTATTCACAGTAAGGGATGCGTTCATGTAATTATCCAAGAATCTCATAAACAAAGATACTTGAAGCTTTGCCCTATGTTTGATGGATCTGACAATCAAAAAATCAAAAAAGGGAAAAAATTATTCTCTGTGATTAATTATCTTATGTAACATCTGTATCTCCACTAAGAGCAAGTCGAATGTGTGGATACAATCTCTATATGTTCTCTAAGTCATCCCAGGAATTGAGGGATAGGATGGTCAAGATTTTTCATGTTTTCATTCTCTAATAACGTATAACATGGCTTCCATGCACATTTTCAAAGAACAAAAGAAAATATGAAGTGATAATCTACATATAAACCTCTTTAGCCAACCCCATGAGTAACTTAATACAATCATTGTAATAGATACAGGGGTAAGAAATACATCAGTGTTCTGCCTGTTATGGTTTTGTTCTTTTTTTAAAAAATCGCTTTACAAAAATTAACTGTTGGGAGCTAATTCtttatttttctttttaaataataatagtttttaaaGTAGCTCTGCTTTTCTCATTCGTACTGAAATGCTTATGAATTACATTATTTTACTTGTGACCCCAACAGGATGAAGCTTTTTTACTTTCCTTTTGTTTCTTTGCTTAGAAGAACAAAGGATTGGGAAGAACAGAAACAGTAAAGGACAGGTGAGTTTCTAAGGGTAAGACATGTTTTCCTCTGATTAAAAATGCTCCATATCTTTTATTTCTGGTAGAATTAGAGTCTGCAAATTTTGAAGCAGGCATTCCTCGCTGGATGCTTAGAATAACATTATGCCCTTGTCTTCTTATATTAATGTATTCCAAGGCTCTTATCACTGTTTAAAAAGTAGTTTGAATGCTTTGATATTCCATATCCAAGGATATTGATCTGCCTTATTGTTTTTGGAGAGGTTAATGAAAAGAAACTCTCTTTGCTTCACCCTATTAGAAAACCCCATGATTCAATGTAGATAAAGTTCTAATTTTTATATTTGGAAACTATTTTTAAATAATTCAATTTGCAAAAGACAGTATTTTCTGTTTCCTTTTTCAGTGCTTCCTATAGCCTATTTACCTCTGTTCTTCACTTAAGGAAATTGTAGAATAATTAATATAAGACTTCAGAATTATGGAGCCAATAGATGTTACAGAATCTGTATCTCTTATTCTTAAAGAAGTATCTGCCTCCTCAATGGAAAAGAACTATAGCCTTTTCTTTCTCAATGTTTTCTCACGGTCAAGTATAATTATTCAATCTTTT
>Human| chr15:56070758-56072257 | element 200490 | negative
gattacaggcatgagccacattgcctggccTATGTTATGGTTTTTATAAAGTCTTCTGGGATATCTGCATTCAAATTTAATTTCTCATAACACCTCATGCCTCTGTTATAGCAGAAGATCATGATCAAATTTGTTTTTAGGTTTACATTTGTAAATCTGTTTCTATTAGGTTGTGAGCCCTATGAAAATAGGAATTCTGTGTTTTTATATTTCTCACAGAGGCCAGTATGCAACTTTTCATTCAATGGGCACTTGACAGTTATTGAATGTGTGAAATAATGTATAAGTAAACATGCTGTGTTCATTAAGGTTGAACAACATAAACCAGCATGGTCTAGATTAAACCAAGAAAGTGAATATATAGGAGTCTATTTTGTTGCAAGCTGGATATAATGTGCTGGATAAAAGGACACACTactagttcccatagagttttctgcctttggcttccactctagtaagttgtgtttctttgtattttcctgtccacctcctcgattttttgggcaatactctgcccggtagcctcgggtctctgttggatctaagaagagttattgatgttcactttgctcagcatttttcttgtacagatgggagtgatgacttccaagcCAGACCAGAAAGCAGGTCTCTGTAGGGTCTATTTTGGAGTGGGAAAGACTCAGACAACTCAGATTCAGGAAGGAATGGACCCAGAGTAGTTCTGGGCACTTGTGCAGTAGAAGTTGATCTTCTCTCTAGAGTCCTGCCATTTACATGGTTTAGCACTGACAAGGCCCAAGCTCTCCATCTCTCCCCTCTATACTTTTTACATTCTAGGGAGGGACCCATGGAGGGATTATCTACTCCTGGATCAATCAGCTATGGCCAAAGTCACCTGGCCACAAAGTATGGATGTGCCCTTTGGGGGCCGCCCCTTTGAGTTAGGGCCACTCTTCAGAAAAGGGGTCTTTGGGAGCTGTGCAGAACCACAAGAAGCATCTACCTCACCATCAGAGGTCCTTGTTTGAAAAGTTTGGCAGCAGAAGAGAGAACAGCATGGGGGAAAAATAAATTAACTTCTAGAGGAGGCAAATATTGGGTAAGAAAGAAGTTAATACTGGACGATGGGGAATTGTCCCACcacggtggctcatgcctataatcccaacacttcaggaggctgaggtaagaggattgtttgagcccaggagttcaagaccagcctgggcaacatatcgaggcatatctgtttttaaaaaaGTTACTGTTGTCCCTAATGTTTTAAAGAATGATAAAGTGGCAGAGGAGGGGTCAAAAGTATATATAATGAAGAAATTAATCATAGATCTACTGCTGATTTGGATCATGTATTTGAAGAATCAGCTGTTAATAGAAAGAGAAAATAGGGTGGCAATTGGAAGGAGGCCATCAATTCCAGGAATTGTTCTCTTCATGTTGGTGGAAACCTTGAGGGTGAGATTGGTTGGGTCAGTAGGATGGGAGGGTGAGGGGATG
>Human| chr1:213304486-213305985 | element 200491 | negative
GATCAAACAGCGATTAATGTTTTGTGTGTATAGCAATAAGAGGAGATGGAGTCTTGTTTCTTTTTTCATTAGTTATTGTCTTACTAAAGTTGCTTATATAACCATTTGGAACCTGTTAACACAGTTTCAAATAATTGATTCTAAATTCATTTCTCATTAATTTTGTCATCTTGATATGATTAATATTAGCTATCACTTTTAAGGTTTCTAATTGATACCTAATTTTGAAGTTACTTGTTTTCTTGCTTTGATGGAAAGATCATTTTCACCCTAATTTTATTTTTCAAATGGTTTTATAATGTTAGGttttttttttttgagatagagtttcattctgtcacccaggctggagggcagtggtatgatctcagctcgctgcaacctttgcctccggggttcaagtgattctcctgcctcagcctccctagtagctgggactataggtgtgtgccaccatgccgaactaatttttgtatttttagcagaaacggggtttcaccatgtttgccaggctggtctcgaactactgacctcaggtgatctgtctgccttggcctcccacagtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccactgcaccaggccATCTGTTGGGTTTTTTGTTTGCTAGTGGAGCATTCTGGTCTTAAATATCTATTCATTTTTATTCTTTGCCTTAACTCTCATTTTGGGTTGGGAGTTTAAAATGGGTATGAGTTATAAAAAAATCTGCTCTGACATTTTTTCCATTTGTTTTCAGAGAATTATGTGCTAAAACATCACTGGTGTTTAATTGACACAAATAAAACACATCAGTGTGGTCAGTGTGACATTTTTTAAGTTATTTGCATTTAATCTTAGAACATTTCATAATGTTACCACTTGATGGCACCAGAAAAATAAAAATCTGTGCTTCAAAATGAGAATTATAGATGCATGTCAGAAAATAACAAATAATGTGTCATTTGGTTAGTTACTTTGCTGATTATGGTGGTGAATTATTTCTCCACTAGAACTTGATACCAAACCTACTAGACTGCTATCTTAAGGAACATTACCATTTAACCATGTATCTCCTATTTAATGCATGTTTGTCTTTTTGAAAGCACAATATCCATTCCTGCTCTGGATTGGTTTCTGTTATTAATATGCCACAATTCCAGAAGTTAATAACTGACTAAATTGATTTTAGTCTTTTATTGTTTATTCATAATGTGATCAATTTTTATTCAGACAAACTATGGGAACCACAATCATAGAATTCTAATTTTTAACCAGTATATAAAAGAACCTTTGTTTCAGTCCTCCTGGTTACACATTTGACCCTGTGTCAAATGTAAGATCAGGACAGTGCTTCCAGTCCATGGATTCTGTACTAGCATACTAGTCACCACCTAACAGACATATGGACATTGTCCTTCAATTTCTGGGGAAACTGGGGGCTCTAGTTATGAGCTTGATTTGACCTTTATTTTCAGAAGAGATGTTTCCTTGGGTAAAGTTTGT
>Human| chr22:48508427-48509926 | element 200492 | negative
ATGTGAAGTTAATGGGATAATGGGGGATCCTGTACAGGCAGCTGTCTTGGTGTCTAGGAATCCAGCTGCACAATTCACATTCATTCTGGACCTTGTTAAAGTGTGACACCACTTGTCTATTTTGGCTTAAAGATCTTAAATATCAATGGGGATGATTCAGGACCCTGTGGtgtagtagtcagggttctccagagaaacggaagagagagagggagaaaggaagagagagaagcagggagggagagatagagagagagagaaacttattacaataagatttattgttagaaattggctcacacaattatggagaccggaaagtcccaagatctgcagggtgagtcagcaagtgatctaggaggcctgatagtacagtttcagtctaaagctgattccaagacccagtgacagccaatgtccccatcccagtctgaaggcagaaaataagaccatgttgttgtttgaaggtggtcaggtaggggaatttcctcctgctcgggggagggtcagcctcttttctattcaggtcttcagctgatttgatggactcacccgagttaggcagggcaatctctttatccagtctcctgatttaaatgttaatctcctccaaaaacacctttacaggaacacttagaataatgtttgaccatatatctgggcaccccgtggcccagtcaagttgacacataaaattaactatGTGTGGTTACCTGGCTGGTGCTTCCAGCGCATGGGTTGTATTCCACGTATATGTTGGCATGCGTTTCAGTGACTCAATCTGAGGAGATCAGACCCAAATAATTCTGGGGATGCATAGGTACACCTTCTGTTCCCCCTCCTGGGTGGTTTGCCAATCATTTTCCCACCTGGCTCATCCATTTCTCCCTTCTTGTCCATTTCTCCATTTTTATGGAAGCTAAGAAATGCAGTCCACATCCATTTAAGAATGGAATCTGGGCAGGAAATGACAGCCAATTCCCAACCCCATTTGTTTTGTGCTATTATTGGATTTGCTATTGTGGAGTTTTACATATTTACCTGCATATTTGTTTGTATCTCTTTTCTTGCAGCATTTAAGTTCTGTGGGCCATGCTGCCACCCATCCCATGCTGCCCCACCCCCACCTATTATGTTGTTATGTTTCCCTTGCCAGGGGTAGCACATGGTACCATTTGTTGCTTAGTAATTTTTGAGTAAATACAATAAACTAAATTATATGTGGATAGTTTATTAATAAACTGCTTAGCTATGGTTAAGTTTTTGATTTCTGATGCAATCCATGTACTAGCTATGCCCTTCCTGCCACTACCTATGCTCCGCAGAGCATGCTAATATTGGCTTAAAGCCCAGTTCCATAACTCCAAGGAATCCAAGGCCTCCCCACGATGTCTATCCACTCCAGGGCTTGTTCTGTCCTCATTCACTGTCTTCTTGGTTCTTGAATCCAAAAGTGTTATCTGTCTTGACTCTCCCTATCCCTGATTCAACTCTCCCCTG
>Human| chr7:120567880-120569379 | element 200493 | negative
TGAAAACAGTTTCCACAACCCTGGACAGCAATGAGGAAGTTAGGAGAAAGAAATGAAACTAAGACAGTAGGGGATTTTACATTTCACACCTGGTCCGCAGCCTAATGTCCCCTCTGCTGTTCTGAGGATCTCATGATCCTCCCAAGTCTTCACTGAGTCATCATGGAAAATAAAATGACAGACTCACATTTTACAGCTGGATTTTGTGAATTACAAGAACAAGAGAGATATACACAAGCTCAATGTGACTCCTCACTACACCTTAGTTTCTTAGTCGAACTTGGTAGGTGTGATTTATATCCAAAATACAGTCAGGGATTGCATTTTCAATATTTAATTCTATGAACTTCCAGAATAGTTTACTAGCAATTGCCAGAAATAAACTTATATAGCTTGCCCAATGAGCTGTTTCAGGAATTTTTAATGGGAAATGTTATCTCCCGTGAATTTAACTGAGTCACTGATATATAGTTTAATAATATCTTCTAAGGATTCCAACTTTAAAGCAGGAAGCTATTCCTTAAAAAGAATTTGTTTTGCTGTACTTTATTGTGTATTCAAAGATTTTAACAGGAATTTTAGCaaataaaattaattatatgaatcaattaatttataGTAGCTATTGTACAGTTATGCTAAAATATACATTTAGAACTAATTTTGGTCATTCATTACTGTTTAGTAAGGTTTTAAAATTTAGTATCTATCTAATGATATTGCAAATCCAAAACCAACATGGTTCATTTACGTAATCTATCTTTCATTGTTTTTGTTTTACAGAATTTAAAAAACAAACAAAAAACATAAATTATGTTTTGTTCTAAAGATAGTACCATATTCTTTATATAAATACCTGTCCTTAAAGAATTCAATCATGACACTCTGATCAAATCAGTTATAAAATTACCACTTTTCCACATTCTTGTACAAATACCTTGACTCATAAAGCTATGTGCCATTAATCATTTCATTGTTAGGTAAAATTGCATCTTATCAAGGAAAACTCATGCTTGAATCAATAAGAGTATCAAAAAACTTACTTTTTACAAAAGCAAATAATAATACCCTCCACATAAGGCTTGTTCTGTAGAGTAAATCTGGATTGAAGAGCCACAATCTATGACCCCAATAAGTGATAATTTTTAAGAAAACTTGTGTAGAAGAGCAGGATCTAAAAATTAAAACTTCCATTATTGTGGTTAACCAGACAATATACATTTCAATAAAGTTAATATTTTTTTTCTTATACCCACACATACTTCATCCAAGAGAAGGGGATTATATACAACTCCAATTGACTATGAAAAGGATTACACTGACTAGCACAGTGCTATTAAGCTTGAAATTAACTATTGAGATTTAACATATTGTGAAACAATAGATACATAATGCATATTAAAATCATTATTAAAATAGTAGAGGAGGCCAGAGCAATAACAGTAGATGAGGAACATTCAATGTTCAGAGCATAAGTGTTACTATGACAGTGACTCACAT
>Human| chr9:89288023-89289522 | element 200494 | negative
GTAGCTGGAATAAAAGGAAAGGGAAGGAAAACACCCCAACTGCCAATCCCACTGCAGTCATGAAACTTGAGAAGTCTCTGTTGTCTGTTCTCAGGAAATGGTGTGGGTTCTTTTTGGAGTGGTTATGTTCAGGAAACCCAGAGCTGAGATGGAGAGGACTTCAGGAAGTTTATGCAGTGTATCCTTCACTTGCGCAGGAGGATAATGTATAAGAACAAACTGGACTACATGTAGGCATGCATGAAAATAAGTATTCCTGAACATACTGAAGTTGGACTAGTATAATTAGTGATTGCTAAGTGCCCTTGGGCCAAGAAGGAGTGATAAGTGAATGGAGACCCTTAGGGCTGATCATCCTGGGAAGAAAGTGCTCTTTGGCATGGGATGAAGCAAGAGCTGGGCCATAGCCTGAGTGAGTGGGGCCTCTTATtctctctctctctctctctcCCCGTCTCAGGGACCTCATGGCAAAAGTCTGCACCTCCAGAAAGAAGATAGGAGAGCCGGACTTTGTGACATGGTGACAGGCTATGACACAGGAAGGGGGACTCCTGGGACCCATAGAGGATGAGCCTGTTGGTTGGCGATTAAGCAGGTTTACCTATTAAGCAAGGTCATCCCTAAGGAAGTTCCCATAAGGTACTTCCATGAGTGCTCAGGCTTTTTGGAAAACAAACTCCAACAGATAGTGAGCACCTTAATCGCTCAGTTGAGTGATCAGTTGTGAAAAGGGATTTAATATTTTTGGAAGTAAATGGGCCAGTGTTCCATGCATCTGCTTTCTCACCCCAAACCTCTCTTCTCACTGCTAGTGGTTCTTAGGCTAAAGAGGCTTGATTTCATCATCTTTCATCTTGCTTCTGTTGCTCCCTGTTGCTAAGAGAATAGTTATATTTCTCAGGTCTTCTCTTGCCCCACAGTTGATGATTCTATAGTAGATGATATGGAGAAGGAAAGAAAATAATCAAACAATTGTccatgccaagccctttgcctatgtttttgtatttgttccttttggaaattatgacacatgaatattattattcctattttacagatgagaaaaccaaggcacagaaaagccaaatcacttggctaagcacagctcacgaatgaggggaagacccatgtattgaacctagaatcatcttcctccagaatacctgctGGGTTTTTTTTTATGCCATCTCCTTGCGTTTCACTCCTGGGCACTTTTTCAAATTCACTCTGGAGAGATGAGTATACATTTAGGTAGCATGCAGGAGCAGGATAGGTATGCAGATGTGCAGGTGATATACAGGAGCAGGATAAGTGTGTGGATATGCAGGTGGCATGCAGAAGCGGGATAGGTGTGGGGATGTGCAGGTGGCATACAGGAGCAGGAGACAAGCCTGGAAGCATAGTAAATACTAATCTCCTGGCCTTTTCTGACTCTACCTCATGCCCCCTCCTCCCAGCCTCCAACAATCTCCTGCCTCTGAAAGAAGTCACAAC
>Human| chr7:96323973-96325472 | element 200495 | negative
ATGTCTTACTTTACACAGTTCAAAAACCTATTTCAAAGATTAAGTAGCTTTTAAGAGGTTAATCATCTATGTAAATTACATATTCCATGCTTATAATTAATACTGAACTACAATAAAAATCTGGCTTAAAACTTACCGTAACTGATTAGAGAAGTCATCCTCTACATTGTCATCATCCCAATTATCCTCCCAGACATGTGCATCTTCATCTTCATCTAAGCCAGCCCAGTCTAAAAATAGAAACAGATGCTGTCTAAATATTTCTCATACATTATTTCCACAATTACAAAAACTTTGAAAAGCTTGCTACTGAACACTCACAATTCAAAAACAGCTAAAACCATATCTATGAAAAATGGTATCTTCCTTAAATCTGAGCTTATGCTGTCTAGTTCTCTCAATTCTTGAGTTTGCAGATAACCTAAAACAGAAGTTAATACAAAAAATTCTACTTGCCAAGAAACTTACAATTTCAGGAGGATATTTACTTTACTGATTTTTCTTTGAACTCATTTTTAGAAGGTCGACTTCACAATCTTTCAAAACACAACACCAACAACCCTAAAGCAAGTTGAATGGCAGGAAGATACCAGTGTGAAATTCAAAACTGCAAAACGTAAGGATAACTTATATACAAATATTTAAAAGTAGACCAAACTGTAAGCCACCACTAGTATCTGCCTAATACAACTGATACAAAATTTATATTTTTAAAGGAAGAATAAACATAAATATGCATAAAGAAGAATATTGTAGTTTTTAGTTTTCTAGATTTTCTTCCTCCCTTTGGTAGTGGTAGAGGGGAGGTTTAGATTGAGATTTCAGCTTTTGTTTAGAATGGTGAGAAAGTACGTACGTATTACCACTATTCTCTAACCTCAAATCTCAAGCTTTAAATATGCTATGTGGGTTGAGCCTGGAAATAGAAATTATCTATTTGATAGTTATTTTAAGGAGTCTTTATAAAGATGTCTAATGGAGTTTTATGTTACAAAAAAATAATTTAAATAAAGACTAGATACTATGTTCTTGAGTAAAGGGGGTGACATAACTCAAAATCACAACAGAACTGTTTCAAGGTTCTAAGACAACAAGCAGATTCTACTCAGCTTGAACCACTTCCAAATAACCAGCTTCCTAAACTGTTAAGTAGGTCGCTTCCATCTGCATTGGTCCCTAAAAAGGAAATAATCATGTGTCAAAAGATTCAAGCCAGAAATATAAAATAATATTTTACACTTTTCTGCTAACCTTGTAAGTCTTTGAAAAATACTGTAGAGCCTTATCTTTTAAAGCAACTATCTTTTAAGAAACAAAATTTTTCATCTAATTATGATTTGATTCAAAATGTTATTTCAATAGTTATTAAGTGATGTCTTCAAGTTGACTTTACTTCTTTTAACTTAGAGAGGGGAAAAATATTTAAGAATGGTACAATTTTTTTAGTTTATAAAGTTAAACTCTGATGATCATTTACAACAAAGATAAAGCATCTCTCCC
>Human| chr11:113301572-113303071 | element 200496 | negative
TGTATTTGCCATGATGGTCCCAATTTCTTGTTCTTTTTTTAAAATGGAGATTGGCTAAATATATAACCCAAGGTGCATTATTCTTACATGAGAAATTTTTTTGAGACAAATAAAGTGGCACAGTATATTTAAAAATCTATTGTTATCAAAACAAGCATTTTGATTTTTGATTGTGAAAATATGATCAACTTGCTCACCACCCTCCAAATGTCATCTCCATCTTTCTCCCAGGTGGCCCCTGGGCATGCATAAAAGCTTACAAAACTCCAAATCACAATCCCCAGTCAACAAGAACTTAGTGAGCACCAAATACATGCATGGACACTGTTATTTTCCAGCTGTTACAGGTTGAGCTACTTGACAGTGTTTCCTGGGTGGAGGATGAACAATCTAATCCTGTAGCTGCCAGGCCTCACTCCAGGGGTGGCTGCCTCTCCCCTAAGGCACCTTTCTGTGCAGGAAAGTGGGGGTAATTGCTGCTCCTCATTCCACCCTCACCATGCAGATGCTTGCAGACAAGGTTCCATGGGTCCTCTGAGGCCTCCTAGGCTTTTCTTTCTCAGCTGCCCTGGTGGAAGCCAGGAGAAAGAGAAGACTGCATTTGTGTGGTGACCTGCAAGCTACTGGTCATCAAAGAGCCAAAGATCTCCTCATCTGTCTCCAGGACTCTTTGCTCTGCCCTAGCTCagaagggcaaagatctacagaaatatctttcagagtcatccattctagtgctcaggacccctgcctgtcaagttcttcctaacatctagcctaactccagccttctataatAGTGGCTCTCTTCAGAAGCTTCAGAGTGGAACTTCCCCAATCAGAGGTCTAGAATGCATCAAGGTGCATAGAAATATTAGGTCAGTTGGGATGTAGAGGCAGGCACTTCCAACCTCAGCAGCTTCTGCTATTCACCCTATATGCCTTACAAATGCTACTATTTTCTGTGCGTGCCCTAATTTGGAAATTAGCTAGCTCTCAAGTTGAGAAGTACTGGAAGAGCCCAGATACCCGGGGCTAAGCTAGCCCACCCAGGCTGCCCCAGGCAGGCCACCCTGCTCAGGCCACCCACTGCACTGCCCCCCAGGAGTAGAGGAGGGGACAGGGAGTGGGCAGGCCTTCTGGGGTATAGATGAGGTATGGAAGGGGCTGCTTTCCCAGTCACGCCCCAAAACTGGCAGGCGCCCCAACCTATAAAGTGTATTGGAAGGGAAAAAAGCTCCTTTAAGGCTCAGCAGTTTGAGGCTGACACCCAAACCTGACATTTTCTCTCAGGAGAAACTTGGAAGGTGTAGCAACACTTAGTCCCCAGGCTGATGGAGTGGGGTGAAAAGGGTCAATCTGTTAGGACAGCCTGGGATCCAGGaagaaagctggcaggtcctgggagaacagagaggattttctctgatcctctctttctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctctccctccctctatcccCACCACCTCA
>Human| chr7:84879453-84880952 | element 200497 | negative
ccgaatactgcgcttttccgacaggcttaaaaaatggcgcaccacgagattataacccgcacctggctcggagggtcctacgtccacggagtcttgctgattgccagcacagcagtctgagatcaaactgcaaggcggcagccaggccggggggggggggcgcccgccattgcccaggcttgattaggtaaacaaagcagccaggaagctcaaactgggtggagcccaccacagctccaggaggcctgcctgcctctgtaggctccacctctgggggcagggcacagacaaacaaaaagacagcagtaacctctgcagacttaaatgtccctgtctgacagctttgaagagagcagtggttctcccagcacgcagctggagatctgagaatgggcagactgcctcctcaagtgggtccctgacccctgacccccgagcagcctaactgggaggcaccccccagcaggggcacactgacatctcacacggcagggtattccagcagacctgcagctgagggtcctgtctgttagaaggaaaactaacaaacagaaaggacatccacaccaaaaacccatctgtacatcaccatcatcaaagaccaaaagtagataaaaccacaaagatggggaaaaaacagaacagaaaaactggaaactctaaaaagcagagcgcctctcctcctccaaaggaacacagttcctcaccagcaacggaacaaagctggatggagaatgactttgacgagctgagagaagaaggcttcagacgatcaaattactctgagctacgggaggacattcaaaccaaaggcaaagaagttgaaaactttgaaaaaaatttagaagaatgtataactagaataaccaatacagagaagtgcttaaaggagctgatggagctgaaaaccaaggctcgagaactacgtgaagaatgcagaagcctcaggagccaatgcgatcaactggaagaaagggtatcagcaatggaagatgaaatgaatgaaatgaagcgagatggtaagtttagagaaaaaagaataaaaagaaatgagcaaagcctccaagaaatatgggactatgtgaaaagaccaaatctgtgtctgattggtgtacctgaaagtgatggggagaatggaaccaagttggaaaacactctgcaggatattatccaggagaacctccccaatctagcaaggcaggccaacgttcagattcaggaaatacagagaatgccacaaagatactcctcgagaagagcaactccaagacacataattgtcagattcaccaaagttgaaatgaaggaaaaaatgttaagggcagccagagaggaaggtcgggttaccctcaaagggaagcccatcagactaacagctgatctctcggcagaaaccctacaagccaggagagagtgggggccaatattcaacattcttaaggaaaagaattttcaacccagaatttcatatccagccaaactaagcttcataagtgaagg
>Human| chr18:68825140-68826639 | element 200498 | negative
taatgttgacaattatagctctggttcctttacttcatttcataacattgaatgaaacacatataaaatgtattcattgtccagcatatggacattttactaattttcagtgttttgttattttacattatattgcaacaaatacttttgtatacgtggacatacttttgtgtatttgtatttcgtatatctctgcatatatacatggaaaatgtacctatctccaaaattactagatgtaaggagatgtcttttgagagtgaatgtagagtgagtgtagcaatcaatttgtttcaatgttcccatttctttacatcctgcaagtactataatagttatagtgaaacctttaaatgtttgctaatcaagtaggtggaaaatgtgatcttattttaatttgttttcattgactactagcgaggtagaacacatattcatattgcgaatgaatgtaccttaaggtttcctcttctgaaattgcctactaattttttccctttttaattttttgagggaggtcttcttttatagatttgtaggcattataaaaaaatatcctggacattagttctgttttggttaaatgtgctataaatatcttcttgtgacctgatacttgtcttttctctatgtttatagtcctttacattttgctatacagaagACACATTTTTATACCTTTTTGTTCCTGTATTTTGCTAAAGAAAACCTTCCTTACCCTAATATTTCTCTAAAAGATTGAACATTTTGCTTTTCCCATTTTGGACTGTGAGTCACTGAAATTAGTTTGACTCTCTTCTCTTCCATTGTCCTATTTTTCTATTCTACCCCCTAACTCATCTCCTCAATTACACAGCAGCAGTCAACCTCTTTCTTCATGGCTATCCCAGCTCCTGTAATCCCTTCTCCATATCCCCTTGTTCTTCTCCTTCTGAAACCAATCTTCCCAAGTTTTAGTAAAAATATAACCCTTCATTTTCCCATCTCCCCCATGGCTAGAACATACATGTGTCCTGCAGGTAACACCATCACATACACTCACGGGAGACTTCAACTGAGTCACTTGAGGAAGTGGAATTGGTTTGATGTGCCCACCCCGTGGTGTGGATCCCTTGGAGGCAGGGGCTGCAGCTTCCTGACTGGGACTGCTTGGTGGCTTGCTTCCGTGGTCAGAGGTGGAAAACTCTGTCATCCTGACAGCCAAAGCTCCTTTCTCAGACCAGTTCTGTGGTTAGGAAGTGGGTCCTGGAAACCTGACCCTGAGGCTTTCTCAAGATACCAGTGATTCTGGTAGTTAACATATCCATAAAGAAAGCTCTTTCTACTTAAACCAATATAAACTGTGTTTTGAGTAACTAAGAAAACTGTACAATAAgcagcttgctagtaagacttcatgtctgtttggaagatgccacagaccttattctttgtaatagtcttaactcttcctggcgccctgctctctcatacatattttagaatctgcttgccaagttc
>Human| chr18:22742122-22743621 | element 200499 | negative
TCCAACCTGAAATCAAATGTTCAATGTTACAAATAGTCGTTTCAATGAAGTTAGAATTGATGGGAAAAAAAGGCCTTAACATTCATACATGAGAATAACTATCATTCTAAGATACTTGCAAATGAAGACTGCAAAAATAGATAAGGTTCAATCAAACTAAAGATACAAAATAAAGATAAGAATAATAATTGAAGGACATAAAAGCAAGATGATATTTCAAATTTATTATTATAATGTATGGATACGGAATTCTATAATAATTTTCAGTGTTTCTAAATAACTAGGGCATCACTACATCTATTTCTGCAACACACAAAATTATCATCTAAGTTTACTCATTCATTCAGTTGATTAATCAATCATCCAACAAACTTCTCTTGCATGCCAATACATTTTTAAATGTTTTCTATAAGACATTAGAGATTGTAAAGCAAGTCCAACAGGGCTTGGCCATCAGACCAGACAGTCTGTTATTTGATGTAAAAATGCAGTGAAAATGACTGCCAATGATGCTTCAGTGACAAAATTCATATCCAACTCAGGCATGGATTTGGGGTTGGATGTGGTTCCTACAAGAATAAATAGCAGTAATTGAAATAAAGTAAAGGAAGTGATCTCTGTGTCTGGAGTATTTTAATCACAGAACAAGACACTTACAATTTAAGCATGATTTTTAAGCTGTATCTTACAGGAGGCATTAGGTTAGATTTTTTTTTTGTCTGTAGTTAACAAGCCCTGTAGGGTTTAATATGCTAAGACTGGATTCACCTAAGCCTTAAAATATGTTCATTATTTAACTATTAATCTAAGATCAACATAAAATGGCACTTGCATATATTTTTCTCCATTGTTCCATCTGTATTTTGCTCTTTCATTTGCAGAGATGCAGGCAAgaagagactataattcaggattgcatagctagttagtagctgaattagatctagaatgcttgctttctaaTCAATGAACCAAGGTTTATATACCGTAGGTCCTACAGCTTTGATTGATTTTAAATTATCAAAGTTAGCATAGTCAATAATATCAGAGGAGAAAACTCAGCATAGTATGATAAATAAAATGGATCCACATATGTTCTGTGCAATGCAAGTATGGCCTGAATCAAACAGTGCTATCTCAACCACACAGATAACTGTCTTCTTCCTATTCATAATAAGCTGATGGCAGTATTTTTTATAACAAAGATGGCTCAAAGATTTAAAAGTTGCTGGACACACTAATTAGAATTAAGATTGGCCTGGTTTATATCAAGCCCCTTTTTAGCACCGTGCTATTGGTTTGGTCCGACACCATCCCCTGCAGTGTGTGGAGACAGGCCAGGAGTGTGAGGGCTGCAGAGCAGAGCAGGAAGAAAATCAACTGTGAAATTGGTAATTTTATTGAGTTTCATGGGGGGCTTTGTTGTTAAGACACAATGCAATTGGAACAGAACGCCTGTGGTAACACCATGTACACAGTGCCCATTTCATGGCTAAAGGT
>Human| chr5:55791934-55793433 | element 200500 | negative
gaaaagcatatgtagtattctatcatttgaaaaggtaaggggaaaattatacatatcctcactgacatataaataaaaccatctctggaagaatatacaagaaactggtaacatagctttcaggtgggagaactgaacatttggggaacaagatttggagGGAGACTTTTGCCATATTTCTTTTGAAACTTGAATTTTGAATTACATGAAGGTAAAATCCAGTCCAAAAATAAATGACGTTTAAAATCTTAAGCCTGGATTTTTTGTGCTATGTAATATCTTGACTTTTTAATTATTATTTGGACTCCACTTTCATATTTCTCTCTCTTACACTTTGTCATAAACCATCCCATCGTCAATTACATCTGTGAAGAGCAGGGAAAATTCTACCTTATAAGATCTGCACATCAATTATGATAAGACCTGACTTCAGAAATGTTTAACTGGGAAAATCACATGCCATCTAGAATGGAGAAAATCCGTTAATCTGCTTTGCTGACTTATCAGGCCCCAGACCATGAACTACCATCACATGGCAATCAGCGACATTTTTCCCTCCTGTTCAGTATCATTTACTAAGTAGCAGTACAGTCCAttagcctttggtctgccatgactactgtatcattttctgctattcccacttgcttcctgaataggctcttgtttcctcttttctgggtagtctgtttattctccctcaattgtgctatctcctgcatctcactaatgagcttcatcctgtttttgacagaccattctctgtttcgacaaggtAAAATTGATCAGTGAATTAAACACATGTGAAACATCTCCAAATACAAACCCACTACAGGGAAAGATTTAAATGCTGTCCATTTCCTTGCCGATAATAACTTGGAAGGCAATTTTAATAGCCAGACGGATGCTGAATGGAGAGCTCTGTTTAAACTGTGTCTTCCATAAATAGAAACAAAGTGCAGACATCCTGCCTCTTAACTTGACTTCTTTTGTCATCTAAAGCTTTCAGAAGTATGCCTTTATTTGTTTTCTTGATTTATCTCTTTCCTTCTACTGCAAATGAGACTACAGCCAGGGAGCACCCACAGCAGGACTAGGGCTGAAAGGACTCCCCCTCAATTATCTGTCACTAGGAGACCCCCATGACACCTTGGGCCACCCCTTAATATCTCACTGCCTTGTGAAGATGAGCCAGGTGAATCTTTCATTTGAATTGCGAATTTGATCACTTGACTCCAAAATGAGACATTCCATTCAACCAAATGGACATTCCTTATGAACCAGGCAAAGTGGGAGTTCAGGTAATCCAAAAACCTGAAATTGCATTTTTAAGTTTTGTCTCTCAGACTCAGAAACTTTCAGAAATAAAAAGATGTTAGAAATGATTTAGACTCggctaggcgcaatggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgatgtggggggatcatgaggtcaggagctcgagaccagcctgaccaacatgatgaaac
>Human| chr11:60930669-60932168 | element 200501 | negative
tatttgctcaattaaactctgtcaaactgaatttgtcaaaactccttcttataacaGAAGGGGTCCATGAAGAAGGTCAGCTGCTGACCCTTCTGAGACACTGGTGACTCCTTTGAGCGGGGGCATGTTGGTTTTGCAAACATTTCACTTGGTACAGAATGTCAGAGTGACTCCCATTGACAGCACCTGTTTGAAAGCTAGGTTGAAATTGTTTCTGAGGGTTAGGGAGGGCCAGGGCAGATGACCTTAATTTTTTGTCATAAGCCTTTTTGTGCTATGTGAtttttttttttttttgagacggagtttctctcttgttgcccaggctggagtgcaatggtgtgatctctgctcactgcaacctccgcctcctgggttcaggtgattgtcctgcctgagcgtcccaagtagctgggattacaggcgcctaccaccacacccggctagtctttgtatttttagtagagacagggtttcaccatgttgccaggctgatctcgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccacccacctcggcctcccaaagtgctgagattacaggcgtgagccaccacgcccagcTGCTATGTGATTTTTAACTCTGCATGTGTTTCATTTCTGAAGGAAAATAATTAGGAAACACTATTGATGGATTAGCTTGAGTTTATATCCAGCAATCTCTTCACTGATTAGTACCATGTTGGAAGGtgggacatggacatgatggctggagcaagtgtagtcatcttgaaccatgaggcgaccataggaatagaggccacactagtggcacaacaaaatagaaggaacctgagccctgattccgtaaaggaccatgacaccactggacggctgcctctgggctctgtgtgagagggaaataaaccacctcgtgtcactgttgttttggattttctgtcacttgTGCCCTTTAAGTCTTAGACTCTACTTCTGGAAAGCCCCTATATCCTAAGACTGGGTAACTTCCCCCCTTGTATGTTATTCAAACACCCCACCCTTCAGCCCTTTCTTAGCATTCTCTACACTTTTCTGTAGTTGACCTTTCACTCCCCCTAGATAGTAACTTCTCTAAGGACAGGCAGAGACTCTATTTTATACATCATTTTATGCAGATGCTGGAAACTGCTAACGCTaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaagaagaagaaCTTGTGAATGTGACAGACACGATGATTCTACCAAGGGTGTTGAGGGGAAATGACACACTGCTGCCTACGCTCTCTCTCCGTGTCCTAAGTCGTTGCCACATTATCTTCTGGGGCCACAGGGTGCTGGCCCTCCTGAATAACCAAAGATAGAGAATTAGGACGAAGGAGGGAGGAAGAGAAAATTGCAGGAAATTCAAGTCATGGGAGGGAAGTGGCATTGGGAAAAAGGGTGCTCTTTCTATTTGGTTCCTGCTATTTTCGACTTTGGGCCTTTTGCAACTTCCCTTGGCTCTAGCCCCTCCTCCAGTCCTGGTCTCTTA
>Human| chr7:110105021-110106520 | element 200502 | negative
ggTGATGCTTAGAAATATAGAATTGTTTATTTGTACATAAAAATAGTATATATAAATATAGAATTGTTCTATAGAAATATAGAATTTTACCAGGATATGCCTGGTAAAATTCCTCAATAATTCTCCCCACAAGTAAAATATGTATTTAGGGTCCTTTTTGAGCAGAGAGGATTCTTCTTTAATTATTTATTTGCTTACTGATTACCTTGCCTCCCTCTTCCTTTTTTTTGTGAAACTGCTATTGGTCTAATGACTATGTCTTCCTTGTTTTTAAATTTTACTTTGCATTTTCTTGGACATGGTCTGCTTATAAGACACATCGTCACACCTTTGGGTCTACTTTCCCTTCTCAGCACTCCCCAGTGGATTTTGATAGGAATGAAAAAACAAGAAACATGAAAAGAGGCAATATTCACCAAAAATTGATGTTCTCCTTATCCAAATATCCAGATAttgtgagaagcatccatgagttcttgttgcaaggtcctttccgttaccttcttccctgaagggagaggtatatgttccagtttgactacttatccctcagctctcacccccaatggtatatcttcctacatctctcttaggggattattcccatccatatcagcagtcagctgtcttaaataacatacctacaagatgagtcaaactcagctacttcttctgtgcctgcttgacacatgaagaattcctctactcatactacatcaagcagtcggaaagcagcctgctctacagttccaatctatacccactgtctctctccaattttctttccatttccacatccagtaagatatgcacagaaaatagtagaatgtatgctgcataagcagacatgcaaacaggaaacgagatgccagcctcctcttttgataggcatttctaatatcttgacaatcattcctcagaacctccctcacttagttgtatgggagttgtggtggaaggggttatagagcaagccccatctatggagagaaggaaaagacTCCTAGGCCGACCATTTATTGTACTATGGACTTACGCCTCTCAGTGCTGTTTGCTGCTTACAGAAACTAGGAATAGGAATAATATTTGAGGGTAATACAGTGATTTAGCTTCATTACAAGCTTTGAAGGCATCTATGGCCCGAGTTGTTTAGTGCTTACTGGCTCTTTGTCTTCATCTTTGGGTACCAGTCTCCAGAGTCTTATTCAACATTCAATTCTACTGCTTAGCTTCTATTAATTTAAGGTTGAGACGGTTATATACTGTGAGAAATACATGTCAGCCTTTAAGCTACCTACAAATAAAAGCTGCTCTACTACTTGCACTATTTCTTTTTTCCCTTTTGTGTTTGGATGTTAACAAATTCAAATAAAACGTGGGACAGCACCTAACATTCCAGTAGAAAAATTTTCTCCATCCCAAAATTACATAACAGACTTATGAAAAACTAGCACTGATAAAAACAATATACTTTTCTTCATACAAGTAAACTCTGGGCCC
>Human| chr5:82315384-82316883 | element 200503 | negative
CAGTACCCAGCTGCCCTAAAAAGCCGAAGAGAGTGAAATGTAAAACTTGAATTGCCTCTCTCTTCTCATTATGTATTATTTGTCAATCATGGATAAAAGGTGGTTTTTGCCCTCCAGCTGTTAGCCCTGGGGTACATATATCACTCAGTGGTGCCACTTTCTTGCAGAACATTGCAAGAAAAATCAATGATTGCACATTTCTTTGAAAGGAAAGGTGGGCTTTTTCCCTCATTTTAAAATGTTTTTATTTTAACCTGATAGTTTAAACTAAGAAGGCAAAAGTCACTTGGGGAAAAAAAGAAAAAACCATAAACTTTGTTCTCATGGTGATGGACAACTTTAATGCCTATTTGAACACATATGAGGAACTTTTTCCCTCTTCCTATTCGAGCCAAAATATCTGAAATTTACTAGATTACTGCAGCTTGGTGGGAGAGGGATATTGTACTGCTTTACCAAGTACTGACCTTGCCAATGAGCAATAAAAGGCATCCTATCACTCAGTGTGAAACACAGACCTTTAAAAATAGATTCATTTTGATGCCCGCTTTCCACTTATTTTTACAATATTAAAACACATTGCCCTCCTGTGTACATTTTATTCATGTGATACAGAAAGTGCTTTCAAATATTTTTAGCACCATTTTAGGATAAATAACTTTTTATGCTACTATGAAGTGAAGACATAAAGCTCAGGTATATTTTAAGTTCATGTAATAAATACACATTAGGCCATATTACACAAGTCTTTCTGTCTAATGTTCTTCAACAAAACACCAAAGCATCATGTAAATTATTCAAGCACATTCATATTAGACGCTCTTCAGCATCTATTTATTTCTAAAGTTTGCACCTTTGGTTTCCATAAAGAAGAAAAGTCCCAGTGGAGGCAATGCTGAACTTTTCTTAAGATTTACTAAACCAGGAAAGTGTAGCAAAAGCATTGCTAGTCACAGCTTTTATTCTTTTATAAGCTAAATACCATTCACAAAACAATTAGAAACTGTGATAAATGTATGTATTTTACAGGTAAATCAAAATGCTAACATAATAGATTACCTGCAATAAAACGGAGCCTGTTGAAGTAAGATAGAACATTTTCTCCCTCTCGTTCTCTTTTTTCTTTGTCTCATAATTCCAGCTAGGAACAGAAGGTGTTGTCAATTTTAAAAATTCAACAGTGGAAGCCCCAGCAAGACAAGCTTCCCTCTCGAGCAGTAATTTACATGGAAATGTGAGGTGACTGAATCTGTTGTAAATTTTACAGAACATAGGTTTGAACAGTGAGCACAGTTTCATAGTTTCGACCCAGCTATTTCCTCAAGCTTCTTAGTTTCCATGGGCAGGTTGGGCACCCTGCTATACACTCAGGATCAATCGGAAATAAAACCACTGAGAGAGCCCCAGCGGAAGGCACAGAGCTGCCCAGGCTTCTGGCTGAAGCTGTGCAAGGCCATGACATTTCATATGGTTTCCATCTGAAGCTATGAAGGACTGGGG
>Human| chr6:130379229-130380728 | element 200504 | negative
gtgagccgagattgcgccattgcagtccgcagtccggcctgggcaacagagcaagactccgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTGAGTTACTACGATTTACATATTATCACAGCAAAACATCTAAAAATGGGTCACTATATTATATTAGCTATAATAAAAGTGTTTTATCATAAGTGATTTAAAATCAGTTAACAATATAGATATCAGATGTAGTTCTGAGTAGCAGTTGATGTCCCTGGACTAAACCAAGAGTTGGGGTccgggtgtggtggcacatgcctgcctgcagtctcatcactttgggaagttgaggcagtaggatcacttgaggccaggagttcgagatcagtctgagcaacatagtgagactcggcctctaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattaaaaatatagcggagtgtggtgttcaaagttgcagtgagctgcaatcctgccactgcactccagccgggacaacagagcaagaccctgtctctaaacagacaaacaaaaCACATACAAAAAcaagggttggtaaacttttttggtaaagggccagatagtaaatatgttaggcatttcagagcacgtggtctctgttgcaacgactcagttaggtcattgtagcacaaaagcagccatagagaataggtagacaagtgggcatcgctatgttccagtaagattgtttacaaaaactcatggtgcactggctttgacccgcagactggagtttgctgaaccttgGTTTAAATTATTTCATTATATTTAATCGTGGTATGTAATTAATTTGTCATAGATATATTTTTATGTAGGTGTGAACATAGCAAGCTTTTAAAAAGTGATGAATAGTAAATGTTAGTAAATGTTAGGACGATTACATCTGCATTAAGAATATTTAATTTAAATATAGTAGTAATTACATATAAACTTGTTCTCTGTAATTATTTTCTGTAGCTTTGGTCCTTTAGAGAAGAGACTTTTTCACATTAAAAAAAAAGTTTAAATGTAGCTAATTCCTTGAATCAGTAATGAATGCATGTGATTCAAAATATAAAAGTACTACAATAGTATAAAGAATGTCTCTTATAGCCCTGCCCCCCCAGGCACCAGATTTGCCTCTCCTGAAGTAACCAGTGTTACCAGTGCTTATATTCCCTTCCTGGAAAATTATATGTTCATATAAGCAATATATATATACACAGATCCTTCCCTTATggtaacatatgttgtgtactttttggactttgctttttttgtttaacttgacagtttgaagatgcttctatctgagtcatgaatctcttcaccattcttttatagcaatacatagtattccatcttaggcctgttctgtaataatttacgttcttccctattgatttgcacatacatgcatgtatactttcaaatcttttgctatatgctttactgaataatcttctataccagtcatttttcacatgtgtgagaatctcttggacaatttcctagagtt
>Human| chr22:40625297-40626796 | element 200505 | negative
AGAAGTTCTGATTTACAGATTTGTGATCTTAGGGAACAGTGTGCACACCCAGGGTGAAATTTCAACTGATAAAGGGATCTCACTTACGGGGCTGTGTCATTCAGGGTTCTGCCAGGGAAATGGGCCATTCCAGGTATCCCTGTAGGAAAGGCTTTTTTTTTTTTCTCTCTCTTCTTTGTTTTTCCTTTTACCTCCTTATTGAGGTATTATTGACATTTACAATGCGGTAAGTTTCAAACGATGTATGcaaaagatagttaatatgtccttcaccaccctctgtctcctcttgcccatttatcacccctctctgccacccttctctgccccttctccaccccagataaccattgatgtgctttctgtcaccatagattagttgacattttctagaattttatacaagtggaattgttcagtaggtactcttttttgtgtggcttcttttactcaacatagttatttttaggttcatccatgttgtgtttaacaatagtccattatttttattgctgagtaagtagcattctgttgtatattccaccttaatttgtttatccattcacctattgatgtgcatttgggcatttgctcgttttcagctcttatcaataaagctatgaatattcatctacaagtctttgttggacatacgctttcttttctctagagtcaataacctaggcaatgaatggctgggtcatatagtaggtgtatgtttagctttttaagaaactgccaaagtgttttccaaagtgattgtaccattttacattcccatcatgagagagttccatttgttaattcttggaatggtgagtctttttaattttgcacattctacaagtacatgtgtgttgacatctcattgtggctttaatttgtttttttcataatcactaaagaagttgaatatctttttatgtgtttatttgccacatgtatgtcttctctggcaaagtgtctgttcaaatcttttgcccatcttcttttttttttttttttttttttttaaagacaggttctcactctgtcgcccagactggagtgcagtggcaccatcttggttcaccacaacctccgcctcccaggctcaagcaatttctcctgcctcagcctccctagtagctgggactacaggcatgcaccactaccattcggctaatttttgtttttttagtaacaatgggatttcaccatgttggccagactgatctcgaactcctgacctcaagtgatccactcacatcggcctccaagagtgctgggattacaagtgtgagccaccatgcccggcctcttttgcccggttttaagatggggttctttatatactgtgtatataaattctttgtcagataagtgatttgcagataactttttctcagtctgtggcttaatctttttattctcttaaatgtcttttgaagagcagaagtttttaactttgagtccaatatatcagggttttttcttttatgaatcatgttttttggtgtt
>Human| chr3:75242949-75244448 | element 200506 | negative
GCAACAATACTTCTGCAACTGCTAATGAAAACCAATTACAACAAAAttactcttccactttaaataactacaaaactggaaagagatatacgaaacactgattttaggtgccagactacagccagcgcgtgactatggtgattgaaagaagaaaatcaaatgagatatgactgacccagcttattgcctggaggaaattattcaagccacagtgtagggaggggaacaaattctggcaatcttatttggctgagaggagagagagctgagtttggataagaaaaatctgcacagggagagagagctctggggatttgcacacagagtccccttgagtttttggctggaaactaatctgtgtatgagtaggatgacatttccccaaaccgaggaaagaacaactggaaaaccttaggctgaacaattcacaaagctcacaaagggctgggaatatttgcatttccaccagtcaaaacagaaagaccttgtaatagacagaaaaattgataaagttttctaaagggatacaccttagtagcaaggcaaaatcagtcccagattaaagtgtgctctggacctgccataatgtgccttgaatgaaagcttcaaaaggatcataaggttaatccacaagtagttacttctgtggaaagacaaaatccaataccaaaagacaaaagacaacacaaaattaacactattcaatattaaactaaaaattaccagacatgcaaaggagcagTCTGCAAAAATAgacccaaatgatggtgttgtacccaaaaaccttgagacagttattgtaaatctaaaggtatattcagagatttgaaaaataagataactacaatgaaaagagaaatacagacattacaaaggccaaaatgaacttctagaaatgaatggttcaatattaaaaatttggaaatcacactggatgtgattatcagaaggatagacaccaagaaagaaaagataagtggccttcaaggtctagcaattgaaaatatccaaaataaaacactgagaaaaaggagtgaacaaaaaaaaagatgcagaacttcaggaagctgtagggtaatgtcagtctttctaataaatgtgtcattagagaccccaaaatagggaagtcagttgaaaggaaagacaagaaaaaataATAGTACAAATGAGACAGAGTAGAGAAGGGACTTGGCCCCACCCTTTACTAATATATTTCTTTTCCTTTTCTTTCTTTTTCCATTTCCTGACTGATGACCATTggaccttgaagaaactaagataagcagtgttccatcataagtcttactcagggaaagtaactttatcatctgcagtgcacaagaccagaagaatgaccgatctttacccctcacctcattataacactaaaacctctgccaagggggttcttatctgccattttctgctcatgtgatgtatgtgttagcatgatcccttactacacctgagcatcctgcactccaccccatacatgtagtg
>Human| chr5:132509210-132510709 | element 200507 | negative
tcttgctgtcacccagactgcagtgcagtggcatgatcatagttcattgtaacctcaatttcttgacctcaagtgatactcccaccttagtctcctgaagcattgggattacaggtgtgagccacaacacccggcctaatttcctttttaaccttccttgacatttatccattaatacatgtaaatctaattcattcatttaatatttcattctgtaaatataccacgatttatctgttgctttgtgatggtcatttaggttgtttccagcttttctctattacaaacagtgttactgtgaaccttctaaaaatgtttctttgtgcatatgtactagagtttctctagggtatatacttaaaaatgttactgctggattgcaggatgtacacatctttaacttaattagattttgccaaattgctctccaaagtggtggtgtcaatttgcactccactagaagtgtataagatattctatgtttccaagtgctcaccaacactgggtgttattgaacctgttaattactatcactcctctgagggtgaaattgtattgcaatgtatatttaaacagcattttcctgattattaatgagattgagtaacctttcatttgtttactggctatcaagtttccttctgtgatctgcatgttcatatctttgtccagtttgtattagattatctttttcttaagaatttccttatgtagtctggatactaatgcgttatttattgtatgactataaatatcttgcttcaaattatatgccttgtgtttttactttgcttatggtgtcttttgaagtatagaCTTTAAAACACTTGTTTGTAAAATAGGTAGTATAATCACATGGTTAACACTATTGTAATTACTTAAttccactggtgtacctttgtctgtccctacagcaatacaactgtgttttaattattgtagctttataagaaaacttacctggtaagattaattctgtcattccctgtgccccagattgtcttggttattcttggccttattggcatttgattggatttaattggaattaggcactgcataatgatgtttcagccaatgatggaccacatatgtgatagtggtcccataagattataatggagctgaaaaagtgcttttctatgtgtagattcgtttagatacacaaatacttaccattgtgttataattgcctatagtattgagtacagtaacatgctgtacaggcttgtagcctaggagcaatatgctgtaccatataggctaggtatgtagtaggctataccatctaggtttgtgttaactatgatgttcacacaatgatgaaaccacttaattatgcatttctcagaacatatccctgtccttaagtggtgtgttactgtacataacatttatggattaatttgggggaaaatttctatctttaggatactaggccttcctagtcatgaacataacatatatcatcatttaaaaaattttatttatttatttttt
>Human| chr18:10390296-10391795 | element 200508 | negative
TTATACCATGGGAATTATCAATAAATCAAGTATTTTTTCCTTTAGGGGACTGGTTTACCACTACGCCATTGAAATGTCTACTGAATGTtcctttctttattgatctatactgctacttttatcatatattaagttcccatatacaagggatcttgtctgcgactttttatgccatttcattggcctgtttgtctattcttatctggtgccatactgtttttattactgtgtctttgaagcttatcttagtggctcatagagcaagatcccactctgtgctcctcttttttaaagttgacttaacccttcatagactattacatagtagaatattatgtcctaaaccattttagaataagtttaacaagtgccttacaaatatatctggcatttgattgatgttttgaagctatgaaacaatgttgggagagttgatattttcaaaaagtccatccaagaacatgactaactctctatttattcagattctgttgtacaaagttgaattaaattttaatatttttccaaattgcttttattcattatttgctaattcctgatgctttacagatattgtcacaattctgaatggcatttttttaagaatattttccagttgattgctgttaatgctattaatttttgaattatgaataaatttttgaaacatgctaattttttgaaatttgaccttgccaaaaactcttattatttcagttgggttttgttgaattttctatgatcatagtgttttaaaatatgataggtttatttcttcgttttctatcttcacactgcattttcctttcttgATAATGATGGACAGCATTTATACCACCACATTTTGCTGTAGCAGTGCTGATAAGcattcaacagagcttggcccagaaatgatctgatattggaactatcataaggatgttaaatattttaataaataaatatgtaagtacagatgttaaatatgctaaaaaactatagtacaacaagtagacaataatgcttgaacagatggtggatgtcagcagagagatataaactataaccagagtcaaatgaaaatgttagaagtgaaaaacatagtatcagagatgaagaactctttcaatgagtttatcagcaaactggacatatcaaaataaaacatccgtgaacctaaagataagtaaatagaaattaagcaaagtgaaacacaaagaaagaacaaagagaaaaaatacagcaagggatataaggctatgggacaacataaaatacctaaaattggagaaggtggagaggagaataggcagaagaaatatttaaaaagactggctgataattattttttagttaatgagagtcaactaattacagattgaagaagctcaagaaaactgaagcaggattaaaaaaatatatacttgtctacatcataatgaaactatagaaaaccaaaaatgaaagagaaaatcttgaagagagccagaaagtttcaaaaggaacaacttacacacagag
>Human| chr4:166251829-166253328 | element 200509 | negative
GAGTTGTGTGGGTGAGTTAAGCAACCttttttattctttttttttgagacggagttttgctgttggtgcccaggctagagtgcagtcacagcttactgaaacctccacctcctcatttcaagcgattcacctgaactcctgaccttaggtgatctgcccgcatcagcctccccaaggtgctgggattacaggcgtgagccaccatgcccagctgagttaagcaatctttatgtagagCTCTCCTTTGAGAAAGAAGTTGGTTGGTTCAAAGAAAGATAAATGGGACAGTGGCTTGGAAGAGGTAATGGAGGCTAGGAAGGTGTTTATCAACAAAGGAAGATGTAggctgggcgcagtggctcacacctataatccccacactttgggaggctgagatgggaggattacttgagcctaggagtttaagaccagtctgggcaacatagggtgacccctgtctccacaaaaaattaaaaaaattagccaggcgtggtggcatgtgcctgtggtcccagctacgaggggctgaggtgggaggattgcttgagcctgggaggtcgaggctgcaatgagccataattgtgccactgcactccagcttgggtgacagagtgagaccctgtctcaaaaaaaaagaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaGACGTGAATGTGTTTTTAGACCTGAAGGAATGGATTCCATGAAGGGAGAAGGATGAAAGATGGGAAAGGATAAGTGATGGACAAGTTCTTGAGGTAAGATAAGAACACAGGAAGACTAGTCAGTCTTAGAGGAAAGAATGAATGAGCAAAGAAATTTTAAGGCCTGTAATGACACAGGATGGAACACTATAGTCACTGTGGTGTAAGTCATTTGAGATGAGTAGGACAGAAGGAGGACGGCCTGAAGTGAATTCAGATGCCTGGAGGAGTTGGCTAGGTTCTCAATATTCCTTCTGTAGAATGGGATAAAAGGTCAGTTTGAGAAGTGTTGGGGAAGGGGACTTTTAAAGCACTATTTAGAATGCTTCTGAGGCTTTAAAATACTCATTTTTAAAATGGTCCAAAAAATTCATAAATTAGAAGCAGCAGTGGTGAACATTTTTAGGAAAGTGACCCTTGAGAAGTTTATTTTTTGGTTAGTGACCTATTGAGCTTATTTATTAGGTAAGTAGAACATGCTCATTTAAAAAGTTTAAATTGTGCAAAAGACATATGTCAGATTTTTTTTTCTGTCTTCCATAACACTATTTCCTACCCCGCCGCGCTCTGTCTTCCGTAACACTCTCCCCTACCCCGTCGCCACTCTGTCTTCCATAACACTGTCCCCTACTCCACCACACTGTCTCCTACCCCGCCGAGCTGTCTTCCATAACACTCTCCCCTACCCCGCCACGCTGTCTTCATTAACACTATCTCCTGCCCTGCCACACAACTCTGTTTTCCTAGAAGTCACCAGTGTGAATTTTTCCCTTTATCCATATGTACATTTTTTGTTTCTGTGTGTCTGT
>Human| chr12:30959538-30961037 | element 200510 | negative
AAAATATAAAAACATTTGCAGAATATTTCTTTTTTTTTTTCTCTttttcttttctttcttttttttttttttttgaggcagagtctcgctctgtcgcccaggctggagtgcaatggcgctatcgtggctcattgcaagctccacctcccaggttcacgccattctcctgcctcagcctcctgagtagctggaatacaggcacccgccaccacgcccggctaattttttgtatttttagtagagacggggtttcaccgtgttagccaggatggtctcgatctgctgaccttgtgatccgtccgcctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggatttacaagcgtgagccaccgcgcccagccCAGAATATTTCTTAATCAAAATTTCACCAGGggttccaaaatggcagcatagaatcaagcttcttccacagaaaaccaaaaacaaatatatagcgctgagattattaccagcaatatgtcaaacttgaatatgaagatgagacagttcctggggccacagagaagtgaaaaactttgagaagatggtaagagaatcagactttcgtgtccacaatgcctttcctcccagtctgctcagcaccaagtgtacggaaaatttctccctgacttatagtttccacactggaaaaaccgaggttgaggtggacaaccagcttccccagcatcttgggttctctggcaggagacccatccctgcctcaacccaagggaagcatcaggagtaccttgaaaggaaaactattcctgagggcagccagagacaaaggagggaagtgagactgccatcctcagccctggaacctctgtaactcagcgaaatgaggcacaaatcagagtagctcttcagcagcaccatgctgtaggaggttcattcaacaggttcgtgctctgggcagaacaccctaggcagccttcctgcactactgcgatatttcatttggcatctccccatttgggctgggaagcactctgatcatttactagaactgtagcaaacctgggcttaaagtgccatctagtgacaaaaagaaggcagtgacctagcaaggaaaaaaaagaagtcaacagataaattacaatctgtaagcaaacatatccaataaaaaccaaaacaagccacaccaagaagactggaataaagagctaatccttaaatgaaagacatagatgtacatccacaagaaacaacagcaatcagggaaccatgactttttcaaacaaccaaacaaggaaccagtgactgatcttaataagatggcaggcaatatgtgaactctctaagaatttaaaataatagttttttttttgttttttttttaggcagagccttaatctgtcacccagtctggagtgcagtggcgcaatcttgactcactgcaacccccatctctcaggttcaagtgattcttgtgcctcagcctcccaagtagctgagattacacgcatgcaccaccacacctggttaatttttgtatttttagtag
>Human| chr7:10982302-10983801 | element 200511 | negative
GACTTAACtttttttctttttgagacggagtctcactctgtcgcccaggctggaatgcagtggcgcgaGACTTAACTTTTTTTTGTCATTGACCTAGCTTCTAGAGACAACAATAATATAGATAGCTAAGTGATGCCTTTAtttatttatttttgtttgtttatttttttgagatggagtctcgctctgtggcccaacctggagtgtggtggcacgatctcggctcactgcaacctctgcctcccaggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctccccaatagctgggactacaggcacatgccaccacacccggttaattttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttcaccgtgttagtcaggatggtctcgatctctggacctcgtgatctgcccacctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggtgtgagccaccgcacctggccTAAGTGATGCCTTTAGAGATGTTAACAAAGCAAGGTTACAAATATAAATTTCATTAAATATTAACCAAAATGTCAAATTGTGAAAGTTTAAATTTTGCACATTGAAGTTAGTGGAAAGAGTATGTCACCTATATTTTAAGTAGGGACAGGTAGAGGTGACAGTCTGGAAAAAGAAGCCATGGTAGAAGAAACAACGCAAAATTCCTGAGCTGCAGAAGTGGAATTGGTATGTGTTGTAGATTAAATTGTATGCAGATAGCTTCAGCCTCTACCTAGAAGGAGATATCACTTGCCTCATGAGGGTCAAGCTTAATAAGAAgacttgccttattagcaaatgcgaagtgagaagtagcacatgccatgcacaagcaaaaactttaagagccaacatgtgccatgttgtcagttttccctctgccacaagactagcaatattctagatacagcctgcttatcagcttaggtgtcagggtaagaactacctggaacagagccactactgacctgcagtgtacatgtattaagaatgagaaataggctgggcctggtggctcatgcccgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggcaggtggatcacctgaagtcaggagtgcaagaccagcctggccaacatggtaaaactctgtctcaactaaaaatacagaaaaattagctgggcatggtggcgggtgtctgtaatcctagctacttcgggaggctgaggcaggaggatcgcttgaaccgggaggcggaggttgcagtgagccgagatcatgccgttgcactccagcctgggcaacaagagtgaaactctgtcttgaaaaaaaaaatagagaaataaacctctattgttgcaagtgactggatttgggagtagtttcttaatgtggcataacctagcctaccctgacAAGTAAATAATTTGACACTGAAAGTGTGgtgacatgttaccataataaaaatcctaaaatatgtggcataggatttaggtcctggcagtaggtgacaaagtaactgttaccagggactagaaggatggctatc
>Human| chr21:27012738-27014237 | element 200512 | negative
TCCTCTCCACCTGCACATCTACATTCACTTAGAGAAGTCTGGTCTGGGGACTCTAGCCAGCTGCTCTGTCCTCAGGGGACATCCAACGGGACGATTGTTAGAAAGATTCAGAAGCCACATGATCCAGTAGCTGGGGAGACGTCCCAAAGCCAATTTCACCGGATGATTTTAAACAGGATTTTCACGGATTCTGGACTCATGAGATTTGAAATCCTGGGAACGTTGCCGTTATTTTGTTTTCTTCGCGTTAACTTTTTAGGAAAATGGAGGAAATTACAATAGACTAAGCAATGCAGTTCTACTTTTGCTTtttcttttttctctcaccttttttgttttgcttttttcccttccttccttcctcccttcctttctctttcttctttctttctctctctctttctttctgtctctctttctttctttTGTAAAATGAGTTATTGTTGCTATTCACGTTCTGGTAAAGTAACACTTATAATACTTAACCTGCGGGACGAGTGTCTAATACCACAATACAATGATATTTTCTCACGCCCTCGCTGCCCAAGTGATCATCGCACAGCTCAAGTGATGTGAGCCACGTCCCTTTGTGGAGGAGGAAGGTGCACATTGTCTCAGGCAAGGGACATGTACTGACCAATATTATATAAAGTCAAACCAGAAAGCCAAAGTTTCACAATGAAACCCTTGTGCAATTCTGAAATATCAATTGGTATCATATGGAACACACAGAAGAAAAAAAATGCACTCATGCTAAAAGGCAACAGAGAGGTAGGCTGGAGAAATCGTTAACAGAACAACTGAGAAAGTTATGTATTCTGCTGAAATTCTAAATTTCAAATAGAAAAGAGTGTGCCTTTTAGTGTAGAATTGTCACTAATTAAAAACAGAAAATCGTTCTGCTGTGCTATTCCTATTGAATCACCAACATAGAAACAATACACCCCAAGTCTGAAATTGTAGTGGAGAAACAACCAAGAGGCGAACAAAAGCATAAATGAATGGGGCTGAGTGACCTCTTCAAGCTTTAGGTAAATATAACACATTGTCTCTGCTAAACTTGATTCCTATAGGGGATGTATTTGGAAGTGTTGTGGGGACTTTTCTATATTGTTCCTGGGATACTAAAAGATCTGGCATTGCAAGAGTGTTTTCTTTGTATGTGGGTGTTTTTTTTTTTATGTTTAAAACAattttagaacagtttggatttaaataaaaattccaacgctagtatagagagttctcatatactccacacccagtttcccacattgttaatatcttacattagtatggtacactttattcaaatttccttcattcttacctaatgccttttctattccaggatgccatccaggctaccatattacatttagttgtcctgattccttaggttcttcttggttgtaacagtttcttaggcttcccttgctttctcttactataatgggtttgaggagttctggtcaagtatctggtagaatgactgcgaat
>Human| chr3:83402584-83404083 | element 200513 | negative
TAAGCTCCAGAAATGAGTAAATACTCAAAATATTGCCTTAGCATTATAAAAACATGAAACAAAACAAAAAAACAAGAAAAAATAAATAGACTTCTTGTTTTACCTCAGAAATGAAGAGAGATGGAAGAAAATAATTCTCATTTATACAGAGAAAAGAAAGTAAATGGGTACAAATTAATAACTGCTTATAGTctgggcatggtggctcatgcctgtaagtccagcactttgggaggctggccaggaggattgattgaggccagaagttcaagacaagcctagccaacatagtgagaccccgtctctacaaaaataaaaaataaaaaaattatcttggcatgatggcacacagctgtagtcctagatacttgggaggctgaggtgggaggatcccctaaaccccagaggcggaggctgcaatgagctatgattacagagcaagacactgtctctaaaaatataaaaaTAATAATTTATAAATACATTAGAAAATTCAGGTTCAAAGAAAAGCATAATACTGAAATATGGAGACACAGAATCTTAGCATTTACTTACCTAAAGCAAAGTCACAGACAAGATACAATCTGATAGAACATTAGACCACATCATAGATTTaatatttttttcctccctaaattcaaacgttgaaatctaattctcaatatgatgatatttgtaggtgggtctttgagagtttaggtcatgagaatgtagtcctcatgaatgagattagtgttcttTGtgtcatgcgtatctgtgtgaagagaccaccaaacaggctttgtgtgagcaacaaggctgtttatttcacctgggttcaggcaggctgagtccaaaaagagtcagggaagggaaataggggtggggctgttttacaggatttgggtacgtagtggaaaattacagtcaaggggggtttttctcttacgggcaggggcaggggtcacaaggggctcagtgagggaacctctgagccaggagaaggaatttcacaaggttaatcacttagttaaggtggggcaggaacaaaccacaatggtggaatgtcatcagttaagacaggaactggccattttcacttctttgtaattcctcacttgcttcaggacatctggatgtatatgtgcaagtcacaggggatatgatggcttagcttgggctcagaggcctgacattcctgtctccttatattaataagaaaaataacataaaatagtggtgaagtgttggggcagtgaaaatttttgggaggtggtatggagaaatattgtgcaatgttcctcagggctgcttcgagcaggattaggagtggcatgggaacctagagtgggagagattaaactgaaggaagattttgtggcaagggttgatattgtggggttgttagaagaaacacttgctgtatagaaccatttgccttgtgtgggaagagattgataggtggaagtttcagtgggggagtaggtggaagtgaccgatgagaaggagaaaaactgacca
>Human| chr15:100340229-100341728 | element 200514 | negative
AGGAGTGTCTATTTCTTCCCACGCGAGTCTCGTCGCGCCGCTGTGCCTGCTCTGCCGACTCCTCCACGAGTGTCTTCTGGTTCCCAAGCGAGTGCAGGTTGGACAGCAGCTCTGAGAAGCAGCATCTCGTCGCGCCGCTGTGCCTACTCTGCCGACTCCTCCATGAGTGTCTTCTCGTTCCCACGCGAGCGCAGGTTGGACAGCAGCTCCGAGAAGATGAACTCCTTGGTCTGAGAGTGGGCAAAGAAGGAAGGAGTTTGGGTCCTGATGCCCGTGCTGCCCTGGCCTCCCGCTGGCCCCTGCTGGGACTGTGTGCTGGAGTTGAAGCCCTGAGTATGGCTTTTCACATGCGGCTTCTACACAGCTTAAACTCAAAGATCTGCCTCCCCATTGCCCTTTTCTCACTCAGATAGGGACACTGAGGTCCAGAGGAAAGGTCGCCTGTGCAAGTCACAGATCTGGGAGGGCACCCTGGACCTATCATGCTACCAGGACAACTGTCTACTCAGGTTTTTCAAAttttttttggagataggatcttactctgtcgctaggctggagtatagagggcaagatcactgctcactgcatcctcaacctcttgggctcaaagtgatcctctaatgtcagcctgtcgagtagctaggactataggcacgtgccaccaccaagcccagctatttttaaaatttttgtgtagaggccaggtctcactatgttgcccaggctggtctcaaactcctgggttcaagctatcctcccgccttggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatggaccactgtcctcagtcCCATGTTATATTTCTATGAGACAGCTCTGGTCTGGACCATGCCTCCCTCCCTGGACCTGGTCCCATAGGGCTGGTCAGCATCTCCCCCAGGCCAACATGGCCACCTGCATCCTCAGTGCCACAGGAGCCGCCTACCCCCATGAGGCGGTGCATGCACATTGTAGATCATGATATGCATGGTGGTCTTGGGCTTCGCACCAACCATGAGGTCCCACACGGTCTTGTTGACAATGGCCATGTAGGAGTCCACCAGGTTCTGGGTGGTTTCCATTTGCCGCTCCAGCTGTGGGTCCATGGAGTGCATGAAGCTGTGGGAGCCATTCTCCTCAGCCTTGCTGTCCTGTCACGGAGAACGCAAGGGCATCAGGGTGGCCAGGCCATGCAGCCAGGCTCCAGCAATCCCTAGGATCTCAGTCCCTCCAAGGGTACCTGGAACATTGAAGCACAGAGAAAGGCAACTGGCCTGAACACACACCCAGCTCCCCACATGCTCTAGATGGTTTCAGGCCTCTGCCTCTCAGGACCCCAGACTCCCCTGATTCATGTCTCGTCTTAGTTCTGATTCTAGTGCCCAGAATTTGCCTCAAGTTACCAATCCAGAAATTGGAAAAGAACATCTCCAGGTACCTTGCTTGAAGACCTGGCCAGAGCTTGCGCCAGGCTGCAGATGCCTGGCAGGAGGCAA
>Human| chr1:173523566-173525065 | element 200515 | negative
aaaggaaaggaacgtggatttctaaacaactttatgtagagtagaaccatctcacacttctggactttttggtggagggaaaaaaaaaccttctgtcttgtttaagcctctgttcatttcgcttttgttaaactggctgaaacaatatcccaagtaatacaGCATCTAAATATATGAATAAATGAAAAATGAATAATTTCTAAACCAATTCCTTGAGCTTCATGAGAAATGTCCCCATGACACCCAACAATAACCTGTTTGTATTATTCTCCCCAGCTAATTCATGAATGAGACACATACTTTACCTAACTTCCTGGCTGACTGAGTCATCACGTATGAATTTATTCCCATTGTCAATAATGATATTACTTGTACATAGAGTATAAACTAAAAACAAAGCACATAAATAGTTAGAACCAAAACATTAAATAAGTTCTCCAAAAGCAATCATTGTTCAATTAGCCACTTACAAAATTCTATTAATATCTTAATCCACATTTTAAAATCCTGTTTCTGATAAGTCAGTTAAGGCAAAAAGGCAGTTTTGTGGACATTGCCTGAACACACTACACTGGGGCAGACATTAATTTTCAATCTGAATGAGGAAAACAGTAGACTGGAGATTCTATGCTAAGGACACAGGGAGGAGGTCTCCACAGTTGCCACTCCTGGCAGCAGTCATGCAAAGACAGCACGGTGGTAGCCATCTCAGGCATGGCTGTGGAACCTGCAGGGTGGGGAGAAAGCCCAGCAACCACAGGCGGTGGTGACCGTGGGCCACAGAGGGATGTGTGCCTGCCACCAGCATTTGCTACGGCTGTACCAGAGGCTCTGAAGGAGAAGGCAGGAGCTGTGGTGGGGCCTGGAGAGATGCTGTGCGGAAGGAGAAAGGTAATATTTGTAGGCCATgactttgccatttcttagccatgtgattggggggcagttaatttaaccaccactcagagccacagcatccttcactgaaaagaggagttaatagtaatttctcctccagtgtctctcacacttgactaataacaacaatcacctgaagtgcttgttaaacatactgactcccgctgtgggttgtgattctgtaggtctagggtgggATTCTTAACACCAGACAGAATTAAGAAACACTGTGAAATGATGCCCAGGTGCTAGTTAACTTCTCATTGACTTGGTTTTAGGCCAATTCCTTGCATAAAAGAGAATCGGAGGAGCTGTAATGTTGATTATTTTACTTTTCTTTTGGAGCATGGAAAGAACCAAAGTCTTTGCAAAACCACTGGTTATTTGAACTCAAAATTCATGCCCAGATCGGGCCCACAGATATAAATCCTCAGAAAAAAAATGTGGTGAGGAATAGGAATATGATACTCCATCAAAAATAGCACTTCCTGTTTGGGGAGTTAGGGCACGTGAGGTCTTTCCCTCTCATGCTACATACAGAAGGCTACTACTCTCTTTGATTGGATTTCTCCACATGCAAGA
>Human| chr14:72675001-72676500 | element 200516 | negative
gagggaaacacagctgagcaaagagagagaagtcctgtcctggtgatactgggatgagcctttcatgaagcgatgcctgaccagctcttcctccaattcctcagtcgtttgagccaaaatacttccttgttgcttaaaccactaagggttaggttttctgtcacttacaacccagagTTTCAAGAGATATATACCATGTCTTACCAACATCATACCTTAGtataatggtctttctattgatctctctgctgcatgagaccttaaggtctgtgaggacaggcctgggtcctatttccctttgtatctccagcttccaacatagtgcttgactatattagatgcaagtatttgttgaatgaaaaaatGTCTCAGAGGCTACCTTGACTATTTCAGCATAACTTGTTCAATGCTACTGGTTTATCCAGGTCTAAAAGTCTGCTAATCGTATCAGCAAGGCATAATAGGATGGGAAAAGAATTAATATTATTGAATGCCTGTCAGTAACTAGGTAATGTATATGATACTTTACATCATGTCTTTTAATCAGAAAGCATAATTGCTTTCTCCCTTCCTGCTATCCCATGATAGGTCTATTACTATACTTCCAAGTCAGTaaaataagaataatgaaataagaatatcaatgaaataagaatatcaatgaaataagaacaaaagtcagatgtggtggcacacacctgtaatcccagaactttgggaggctaaggcaggtggattgcttgagctcaggagttcaagatcagcctggacaaaggtgaaaacccatttctacaaaaattagctgggtatggtggcacacgactgtggtcccagatacttgggaggctgaggtgggaggattgcttgagcctagaaggttaaggctgcagtgagctatgattgtgccactgcactccagcctaggtgacagagtgagaccctatctcaaaaTATATAATATATGCGTACGTTTAGTATCTAACAAGAAAAATGAAAGGCAGATAAAAAGTATACATATTCTATTCTTTAAAAGGCAATAATCATTTGAATCTTTTGAGTTCAAAATGCTGTGTTTTATAAATTTATAAATGTGTCTATAAATTTTTCTTTCTATTTCTTCTACTTCTTCTTAGCATTGAAGTGAGCAATTTTATTAAAATCTGCCATTTTGGTAGTAAAACATTTAAATTCAAAGTCACCTTAAGTGAGTGATGTGCTTGTTGCCAGCCACTTAATTAGCTGGGGGATGTGACACAGTTGTCTACATGCAGGACAATTTCAAGGTCACTGGTGGAAACCCTCTCACCTCCCCATGCTGCCAGCTTATTGTCCCATACATGGTAACATTCAGATTTGGGACTAGATGGCCAGGAGAAAAGCACTGAGTAGCCTCACTCCAGAAGGATTTTTTGTGCTTGGCTCCCTGACTTCTCCTTTCGTTCAGGGAGCATGCAGTGGTGAGAACACCTAAATCATGATCCTTGTCCTCCATCTATAACT
>Human| chr8:2089690-2091189 | element 200517 | negative
ttgggctggacttaggcggtttctaatcaaggaagacttaaaatggcgatgctagtccaagatggcggtgctgctgctctgccaGTCATCATCAGGGCAGCACATCACACACAGCAACTTTTTAAGGACAATTCGGGGTTTTCAAATGCACCATCGAGTCTTCGCACATCCGAAGCTGACCGCAGTCCTTGGCCCATGCTAGCTTATTTAATGAACATTTGTTGACTGGGTGCAGGGATGAGCAAGATAGATCAGAAACTGACAAATTCCGAAAATATCTCAAGTCTCCAGTGCAATCTAGTGAATTTGTGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATCTCTTCAACCTGTGAGCTGGAATGCTAAACTTTTCTGTGGGTTTTAGCATCTGGATAATAGGGCATTTTCCACCTCAAAATGGGCAGTGGGAACCATCAGGAAAAATCAGTGATATCCATCCTGGGGTCCTGTGACCCGAACATGTTCTTCTAAGAGAATGCAAACGTATCTCCTTCTTCTTTTGCTTCATCGCTAGTGAGCCTCTCAGCTGTGCATTTTGTTGGAAGCATTTTCTCATACTCTCTTTTCATTCTCTCCTTTCTGTCCCCTTTAACTTTTAGAGCTGCTGCTTTTGCAGAGAAGAGTAAGTACCTGTTGGATTGTAACCAGGATGGTGAATTATTTGGGGTGGGGCAAAAGTGTCCATATTTTGGAGGACCAACTTTGTGTATTAAATAATAACCAGCAATCCCCCACCCTGATGTAACAACGCCACCAACACCACACCCTGTCCTGGAGCCCCATGTCCTGCACCACTGATCCTTGCACTGCTTTCGGCCTTAGCCCCGTCACCCCTTGGACACCCTCCCTCCCTCCTCCCTTGCAGAACCTGCAGCCCAGACACCCAGGGCCACTTCACTTTCTTtccctcccttcctccctcccctccccttccctccctccctccctccctcccttcctcccttcctccctccctccctttattctttttttttttttgacagagtcttgctctgtcacccaggctggagtgcaatggcatgatctcggcccattgcaacctctgccttctgggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcaacttcccgagtagctgggattacaggcacccgccatcatgcccggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagacagggtttcatcatgttggccaggctggtctctaactcctgacctcagatgatctgcccgccttggcctcccaaagtgttgggattacaggcgtgagccactgcgcctggccAGGACCCCGTCACTTTCTGCCCAACTCAGGGACACACGCGGCTCTCCAGGCCTTCCGTCCTCGGTGAATTCTTCACCCTTCAAGCCCAGTTCCCATCTCACATTTCCTCTGGAGTGTTTCTCCCCCAACCCCTTCACAGAGTCTGTTATCTCCTCATCTACCTTCCCTTGGCTTTGGTTTATCCCTCAACTGTAAACATATAAATCTTTTT
>Human| chr9:32697876-32699375 | element 200518 | negative
GCTTGAAGAGACAGCCCAAGGAGTTAGAAGACTTCTTTTTGGTGGGTTCTCGTCACTAGCCTGGAATTCCTGTCCCATCTGGGGGACATTGTGTCATAGTTTCATCTTTAAAAATTGGGGAGGCTGTCTTGCAATGCAAATGAGTTTTTCATGAAACTCAATGTGGAGACATTAATAGCACCCAGCTGTTTATTTCTGAAATAAGGAATTATTCCCAGAGATTTGGAGGGTGGCACATGATGACAGGCATGACAACCCCCATTTAAACAGGGATTAACCTTCACAGACTAAGCACTCTCATTCCATTGCTAATCCCGTTTCTACTGATAGGAACTGCTTGGAGCTTGGGGTAGCCCAACCCTACAGACAGAAAAAAAGCTGCGTAGCTGCCCCTGTATCTTCCTCTACAGCCTCATTCCTCCAAGAGCACGCCATGGCCCTGCATTGGTGGTTTCCTCTCGTGATGACACTAGGCCATCTCTGCTTCCACAGAACACACACCATGTTGTCTGCCTAGCTAGAGGTCCAGTCAATACTTTGTAAGTCTTAGGAGTCAATGCATCCAACCATATAGTTTAAAtattggctatgtgaccttgggcaagtcatttaatctctctgaatcacagtgaaatcagaatactattatttctcttgctgggttgttgtgaatattagaattaatgtcaggaaagcgttccacaatCTAAGAGGGATTGAATAAGTGGTTTTTGGTAGTCATGGTAGTAGCAGACAAGTTGTATATTTAGAATAATGAGTACTCACTCCAGCCACGCATTTTACTGATCTGACTcagtggctttaagatggtttatagcaggagaattccctttctttcctgatgaaatcagacacaaaatctccatttcataaagcgaatagcaggacactgctctggtggaaccgggacagatagccgggactcctgcccacctggctcccccacctttctgtggaagtccctcaagttcctgcaagaaattccaggatgactcacagcagtttgaaaaccacAGGTTTCATTTACAATTGCCATTTTATTTACCAATGCCAGGGACCTGAAAGGTAGAGTCTGAACTTAGGGGCTATCCAAACATGACACCCTAAGTGTGGTCACTCTGAAGCAGGTCCTTGCCACACAGGGCTGTCACTGCTCAGGCGGAGGCCTTCCCTTCACTCACCCGCACAAGCAAAATGCCCTGCCACAAACCTTTCCTGTCTCCAGCCGGTCTTACTCATGCCTACCTGAAACCTCTGTCCCACACCAGCCCCTATCTTATTTACCTCTCAACGTGACAATCACAACTCATACACCGAGCTTAGCTTTACTTTTAAAATGTCATCTCCCATTACGTAAGTTTATTTTGCATTTACATGGCGCTTTATACATTTATCTAATTGATTCCTTGTCCTGACCAAACATGGCAGGTTTGtggaacagaatgttacatggaagtttcagcagaggtccaaagacaa
>Human| chr12:5234025-5235524 | element 200519 | negative
cctatccatatgattattaaaattatcctctgcagaggtcatcctttggtgaacattcacaaatgattggtgatatggtacacaaatatcttcacactttttgcccatttggagaagtctatctgtacatctcttccccaattttagtcaccaattttccaatcacattccttccaagttcctgaccatccagccaaaccattggtcatagctcatgcattgctatacactcacatctctggccacttctcttttgaagcaaaccaaatcacctgatgcactgtgaagttctgcccactgagagggttctccttcacaaccatacttcaggattgcagttaaggggctgtagtgctgcagtggtcccctctcaggtagtgtctgcgtatcacatgaaaccatttagaaaccaggttcaaattctctcttcctcagtaaactgattgtagggaccttccatgaggcaatatatgtgtactggaaagagaaggcaacgtagcaggagagggaaccttgggcatttgaccatttcttcatgtaatttgcttatgtgttcaagggcctttgtgggcccaatcgcatacataccacttccatctgatgatgaaatgttgctgtgagcacccagctttgtggcttggtgggtcagataacacctagttcatgatgagtggctcaggtctcaaggtaacttggtggcccatggttaagcattcagtctctactaaggctcaatagcaagcaaaaaaagctttctcaaaaggagagtggctatctgcaaaaaaaggcagggctttgtgccagaatcctaatgttctagactatgattcacctacagaagctttttaaagactccaaagagatctctctctctaccactgccactgcaaacaccatgggatctgctggatcatatggcccaaatagcagggatatttccatggtaatctggacctgctggagagcctctctctgggtcccattcaaaactaacagcttttcaggcagctcagtaaatggcctggagtagtatactcaaataaggaatgtgttgcctccaaatccaaagaggtctacttaccattgttcctctttcttgattatagaaggggtcagatgcaacaacttaatttttcaacttagagaagatatcttgacatgtactgtaccacaggatctccagaaatttcactgaagtagaaggcccctgaatttttgttggattaatttcccatccttctacatgcaaatgtcttatcaataggtctagagaagttgctagttctcactcattaggtccaatccgtataatattttcaatgtaatgggccagtgtcatgtcttgtgcaagggaaagacagtccagatttctgcaactaaattatgatgtagggctgtagaattgatatacccctgagtaggaaagtggtagtgttgtgctggcctggccagatgaaagcaagttttgcttctggttgtctttactatcatgtattgaga
>Human| chr16:59285825-59287324 | element 200520 | negative
AGACATTAAGAGATTATGTCCCTTTTTAAGGCCTTATCAAAGATTTAGTATGTTTTTCTAAATGAACTAGGAAGCCACCCTTTGAAGCATCTACTCAGAGATGGAGTGTTACCTATCAAGCAGTAGAAGGAAGTGGCAATGCAAAGATTTAAAAAAATGTAAAGTCcactttgggaggttgagatgggaggatcacttgagcccatgagtttgagaccagcctgggcaacacagggataccttgtctctctacataaaatttagaaattatctaggcatggtggcatgtgcccatgttccctgctacttgggaggctgaggttggaggatcacttgaacccaggaggtcaaggctgcagtgaaccacgatcacatcactgcactgtagcctgggtgacagagcaagaccctgtcttaaaaaacaaaaaaacaaaaagacaaaacaaacaaaGGTCCAAGGGAAGTAAAAATGTAGCAATAGCAGAAAGATTGTGGATAGTTATGAAGTATAGACAgcctcagcctcccaaagtgctgcgattacagacatgagccactgtgcctggccTGAGAAAGAACTTTAAAAAGACACAAGAGGGAGCAGGGAGACTGGTCAATTGGCTGCTCTACTGATTGGGGTAAGAGGTGATTAGGATTCAAATAGCATAGGGGCAAAGATGCGGAGACCCATAGTAAGGCTTCTCTTATTTGATAGTACATAAAATCCTCAGTTTAAGTCAGTGAGTTGCCAGTCCTTGAAAAATGGGGTTCCAGTCCTCCCAACGGTGCCTGTATTCCACTTTCCAAGCCCAGCCTGCTGCTGACTTAATATTTCCAAGTTTCTGTGTAAACGcttgctcctctaagtgtggtctgcagaccagcaacattgacatgatgtttaacttgtgagctgatcaacagcagaccaacttatcagaaatgcatactcttaggtcccattccagacctactgaatcagaatctgaagtgtaacacaatcctcaggtgaaccatatgcacattaaagcttgagaagccctgGAAAAGCCACTCAAATTAACTCAGGTGTCTTTACATATTATTGTTTGCAGCTTGTTGGCAATCAACAAATAAAAAAAACTCATCTCAGAAATACATAACTCTTTAGAAGAATCAGATCAATTGCAAAACAGTTAAAGTGTTAAAAGCCCTCAAAATGTTGATTATGAAATATGGGTAATGTAAGTAGCAGAACAAACTGCATGGCTCTGTAATTATCAGTTTTACTGAGAAAAGAGCAGCTTTTTTTTTATGTCTCATTTTTATTTTCGAGTTGTCCAGTTGATTTTCTGGTGTATACACTATCAACAATCAGCTGCAAGAACATTCCCCTGAAGAGTGCTTTCTTTCAggccaggagtggtggctcacacctctaattccagcattttgggaggctaaggcaggcagatcacatgaggtcagaagttcgagaccagcctggccaacatggtgaaa
>Human| chr17:47990063-47991562 | element 200521 | negative
AGTGGAAAACCCTGGCCCTGTCCCTCTCCTTCCCTCCCTCCTCTTCCTCGACGCCCTCTTCTTCCCTGCTCTCCAGGCTGCTCCTCAGTCCCCACCTTCTCAGAGCCCAGAAAGCCTTCCACACATGCCATGCACACCTCTCAGACCATGAAAGAGGCTTTCCCAAGCTTGCCTCGTGCCAGAAGCCCGCCAGGTTGAGCAGGGATGGGGAAGCAGGGAGCCAGACCCACGCAATCCTTGGCCTCCAGCCCCCTGAGTGTGCCAGGCCTGAAAGAGGCAGAGACCTATCTTCTTGCCTACCTTGCCCGGCCTTAGGGTCTTGGAGGTCAGGGCTTTGGGCAGAAGGGAGAGGGCACTGAGGCTGAGGCTTCTACAGGCCCCAGGCCCCAGGCCCCAGCTGACGGGCTTCACATGGGCTGAAGGTGACTCTACTGGTTCACATCTGCTTGGGGCCAGGGAGAAGAACTCTAGGAGTAGGGGGTTGGGGTCTAGCTAGACTGGGACAGGAAGAGGCTTACGTACCCACCTGGGTCATCTGTCATCAAAATGCCCCCAGGTAGGTGCCATGAGTGGCAACAGTCACAGAAGTGTCCTTGCTCTCAGAAACTCAGGACTGATGCTTCCAGAAAGAGCAGGCTGGAGGAGGGAGCCAGGTGAGAAAGTGAATTGACCCACATGACTTCCGAGGCTCCCGCAGCTAAGACTCTGCAGTCCTGTGATCCCAAGAACCTGAGCACCTAAGATATGGTCCCTAGATGCTGGGATTGTAGCAATCGTCATCATAATGATAGCATCAGGCACTGTCACAAAACTTCACATGCCCATCtcaccgctccacagtgagcgaactgaggcacagagaggttcagttagcttgtcccgagagccacggaatggggagcccaaactgggtctgcctgacttcagaatctgctcacgtggcttctctgcagcctttttgtccctAAACCCTGCTCTCCGTAGGGTCTGTGATTCAGCATACCACTAAGTCCAACACTAAGTCATGACTCAACATCTTTGGTGGGAAACAGCAGGTGGGAGGGGTGGATCCTGGCAGGGAGGCTATGGAGACAACTATCTCCCATCCTCCTCTTCTGGGTGCTGGAAAGCTTCCTggaggaggaggaagaggaggaggaggaggaggaggaagaggaggaggaggaggaggaagaggaggaggaggaggaagaggaggaagatgggcaagagagggcagaggagaaagaggaAAGGAAGAGAGTATTTCAAGATGGCTAGTAGGGGTGGCCATTCCAGGGCATTACCTGGGGCACTTGGAGGAAGATGACGTTGTTTGAGGCTAGACGATTGGAGGGACCCAGTGGGGGCAAGGTGGGAGGACAGGAGTCTGGTTTGGGTGCATTCCCTTCTCCACCAGCCCATGGGCCCAGTGTCTAAGGACTTAGAGCCCAGAGGGCAAAGAGGGCTCAGGCCATGGCCCTCTGAGAAAGCCTCCTA
>Human| chr18:3812546-3814045 | element 200522 | negative
gaaaagtaacacaTGTAGTAATAAAGGCAAAGAGGAAGGGCAACTGGAAGCCAAAGAAAGAAGGAAGAGGTTTTTTTCTTGGCTTAATTTACTGATGCACTGGTATTAATTTTTGATTAAAATGATCCAGAATTGTTCCACATGAACCCTTGAAAAATAATTCATGGGAGGCCGTCTCTGTCCGGATCTTTAAAATACAACATACTCTGCTATTTAAATAAATTCCCATCGCACAATAGTCAGCTGTTTTTCAGTGCTCTTGATTAACAATTGGGTTTGTTTTCCTTAACTCGACTGCTTTGATTTTTTGTTTTATTTTGCCTTTTAATATTTTATTTAGTAACATAAATGCATGAATAGTAATGTTCATTTCATCAAAATATGGAATCAAAGGCACTTAAAAATACGAATTATCCGTAATATATTTTTCAGGTCCAAATGGAATTCTATCTATTTCTACATTCCAAGACTCTAAAGAATTTACTCTCTATAAACAGCATTTAGAATGAAATCAGGTCTTGCTTAAAATAATCAATCTCAGTGGTTTCCTGCGTAGCGCTATTCTTTGTTTACAAACAGCACAAATACAGTTAAGGACTAcagtcatatgctgcacaacgacatttcagttaatgatgcatataatatggttgtcccataagattataatactgtgtttttactgtatttttctatgtttggatatatttacataaacaaatacttaccattgtgtgagagtcgcccacagcattcagtacagtaatttgctgtataggtttgcaacttaggagcaataggccactccatatagcctaagtgtgtaataggctagaccatctaagtttttgtaagtgtactctatgatgtgtgcacagtgaaatcgcttaatgatgcatttctcagaatgtagctccgtccttaaatgatgtatgactATATTTATATTTGCAAAACAAAACCTTTTTAAGGCCTTCAATTGTAATACATATCGAGTGCCCAAATTTAAAAATGTATGTCAAGAACCTTCACATATCCAATTTTAAAGCACGGTCACACTCTATAAGCTTCTCTAAGACAATCTCTTCTATTATGTTACTCAATTATCTGAAAAATTCAAGAGTCTTAAGAAAAAGTTCTTGTGTGTACTTCGTGCCTGAGCAAACGTTCAAGAATTGGGATACATGTATATTCTCATTGACCAGAAATTTCAATCCTTTTCAGAAGCCATTCTGGATTCTTTTAAATCCAGAATGGCTTCTGAAAAGATGGGATTTCTTCTGCTTCTTAGAGATGAGGGGTTCAGCTTATGATCAATGCAGAACACATCTGTTGCCTCTCTCTACAAAGGGACTGGGGTACGGACGTCAGATCTAAAGTCACAATCAATGTACTGCACTGCTCCACCTGTAGGATGTTTCTGCCCCACTTACTCTAGGAGACACACCATCTGAGCCTCGGTGATAATACAAGCACCTGGACTATCGCAAGTGCAGGGTT
>Human| chr5:93547539-93549038 | element 200523 | negative
CAGAGCATATCCCTAACTATGTTCTCAGATATAACTAGGTATTTTATATATACGTACATGAATACAAATTGAtgccttttagaaattatgtgcccatacctgaataaacactggcaagttaagtgagagattatctgatatatatgaatacacgatgttactcttcattaatacataggtggaatttgctagccaatggctgccttaatctatgctatttattcaatgattgctattaatagtaaaattattgtatgatttcaacatatacttgtgatacttagtacttattagatagtaaggatttatacgataaacatttgtcccccatggatttgtgcctgaaagaagaaatattttaaacgcaaagtaatcttgtgtttctcaaacttttcccaaacaaataagcaaaacgatcgaattcttcaaagtgaaaataaacactcTTGTTTCATACAGTTTTGTTTATATATTGCCCATAATCAGATTTATGGAAAATGTTCAATGTCAAGACTGGAAAATAGCGTCTTACACAGCCACTGTATCAAGGTTTTACAACATACATGTAAACATTTAGGAGACAACTTCAtcaagaaacgtgaagagtctgagatttttcccttgcttttaagctaacgagatagcctgctaaggtttcataaatgctagcaggagacatgaggctattaggagacaggcaaagaccttaattactcatgggactatgggcaacataagctccacatttacacgggatacccttggtcaccccactcccaagtctcacaggaggaatacagagtggcccaagtggatgctgcatgtatagtgaatttgtgtcatagctaaggaacctcagtttgggaaatccaatcttattagggggctgctagcaaaccagcccaacctttgcccaggaaggagtcattatctttattatcccagtagagaaacaaatctgctttctaccctgagggactcactatcttgaggctgtctgctatgcagagctctttgaacagatagtctgggacaaaagccatcacaagacatgtaaaaatgccatggagaactaccaccttaacaAAGTTTTAaataatatgaatcatattaattattaagaatacttatatgatccagattactgtataaaatacattatgtacattatctcatttaattctatcaatagctctatgaaataggtaatatcatccccatttcatagataaggaaattgaggcactctaagataagtaacttgaccaaagacttaggattgtaacccctgtttgtttgactcTTGGGTGTTTCACAGGCtctctccccacaaaaggatttttctctggtgttctccatctcaatgaatgacagcattcatctagtggccataggagaaatttgggcatcatgattttcctttttctctggtttcataaacctccaagtcctattgatattatctactatataataaatatctcttgaatgagtcctttc
>Human| chr8:116546414-116547913 | element 200524 | negative
CACACTGGAGATTGAAGCTCTAACTGCAGTACCATCACACTGGAGATTGAAGCTCTAACCCCGATACCATCACACTGGAGATTGAAGCTCTAACCCCGATACCATCACACTGGAGATTGAAGCTCTAACCGCAGTACCATCACACTGGAGATTGAAGCTCTAACCCCGATACCATCACACTGGAGATTGAAGCTCTAACCCCGATACCATCACACTGGAGATTGAAGCTCTAACCGCAGTACCATCACACTGGAGATTGAAGCTCTAACCCCGATACCATCACACTGGAGGTTGAAGCTCTAACCTCAATACCATCATACTGGAGGTTGAAGCTCTAACCCCCGGTGTGATGGTATTTGGGGAGCAACATTCAGTCATAACACATGGCAAAGGACTGCTGAAAAAGAAAACATGTTTCATGCTTTGTGTCATGTAAAGACAAAAGAGACAACTCCCCAAAACTCATTCTCTTTCTCGCTTTTTTTCCTTTTTGAAGATCAAGGTATGTTAAGCATATCAACAACAGTGATATTCAGAGAGTGGTAATAATATATGATGCTAAACTGTTTTGGAATGAGATTCAAGCAGCAGCAGAATGTGGAGAAAGAAACTACATTACTTAATCCTTTCCTTTTCAACTACCAGTTTACTAATTATTTGGGTAAAATATAAATACTAGTTTTAAAGTTAGAAATACACTAGGAACTTACTCTACTGCCTTCTATAAAATGAATGCTTTAGGTTGGAGAAGGTGAAGAAAAAGTCCTTTTGAAAAGATATCTAAAGTAAAACACTTGGCatataaatatatatagcatatatatagcatatatataagcatatatatatagcatatatatagcatatgtatagcatatatataagcatatatatagcatatatatcgcatatgtatagcatatatatcgcatatgtatagcatatatatagcatatatatagcatatgtatagcatatgtattgcatatatagcatatgtatagcatatatatagcatatgtatagcatatatagcatatatatatagcatatatagcatatatagcatatatatagcatatatatagcatatatagcatatatatagcatatatatagcatatatagcatatatagagcatatatagcgcatatatatagcatatacatagcacatatatatagcatatatatagcacatatatagcgcatatatatagcatatatagtgcatatatatagtgcatatatatagcgtatatagtgcatatatagcatatacatatcacacatatatagcatatatatagcatatatatagcgcatatatatagcgcatatatagcgcatatatatagcgcatatatatatatatataATTAGTATTTCACAggctgggtgcggtggctcacccctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggtgggcagatcacgaggtcaggagatcaagaccatcctggctaacacggtgaaaccc
>Human| chr9:116096913-116098412 | element 200525 | negative
ggttcaagcgattctcctgtctcagcctccagagtagctgggactacaggcatgcgccactacatcaggctttttttttttttttttttttttttgtatttttagtagagacagggtttcaccattttttggcaaggctagtctcaaacccctgacctcaggtgatccacccaccttgacttcccaaagtgctaggattacaggcatgagccaccgcacctggccTCAtttatttatttttaaatttaacaaaccctgcatgtggcattcaatctcagttttaatgtcaaatgatggtagcagagcaggattcgaactcaatctataacctacataaacaaaacctctttgggggttcttaattttgaggagtgaaaagaagttctgagaccaaaaagtttgagagccAGTGACTTAGAATTTAAATAATGTTAATATTGGATTATATATTAGAATTAAAAGAATAATGAAACATTTTCCAGATTTACTTGTATCATCCCCCTCAACTAACGAGGCTAGAACTGAAAAGAAAGAGAATGAATTATGCATTCAAAGGTGCTCCtccactcattcagggaacacctcctaagcaccttatttgtgtaggtcctataccagttgctggtgaaactgaaaaaaagagaaacctgAAGATGTGACCAGCATGAACATTTGCTGGGACCGAAGGAACCTAACGAAGGACCAGTCTCAACTACTCCATGTCATGTGTCCCCTGCGACTGGCTGTGATATCAGATAGCTGAGGGAAGTATGGGGGGCAGTGGGAGCACCCAGTCCCCATTTCTTCTGAGGTTCTGCCTAAAAGTTCTAGGAAATAAGTTTCTTATGGGCATGACCAACCTAATTCTAGGAAGAACTGTCTACAGGAAGAACTGTTTACAGAAGAGAACAGCAGCTAAAACGCACCAACTTAATATTCTCATTCATACCATTAGCATTAAAAAAATGGAGTTTTCCAGAAGAATTTCAGCCTACATTTTGAGAAGTTGCTAGAATTGACTTCCTGACGAGAATAGGTAACCAATACAGAAAagcacaatgcaatggaaacaatgtgagtggcatcaagaggcctaggatctaccccagccctgcctcatcccattatgtgtccttgagtagctccattccccactctggcctcagcctccccagctagaaaattaggacactatacgaaatgatttttagtagactatgtgtataatgagagaaggtctctcgttattcatctttgtaccccaagtggcttgcacagtactgtacaacaaaaatacttgtgaagtgGCAAAtctaaggtcccttccacttcagatattccaggattttctataaGAGGCCACAAGATGTGCTGAGAGGCAAAATTCAGGATAGTTTTCAAAAAGTTTGGGATGTGGTATTGTTTACAGATAGAGGGTGCAGGGCTTCTTATCTGCCAGCCTAACCTATTTTTCAACATTGTCATCAAACCAATGACAGA
>Human| chrX:126422382-126423881 | element 200526 | negative
tagaggcagttctagtggctttaacttggcctttcctaccatagtagccctcattctgccagttgctggatatttctatttcaattatgtattctgaaactgagggatttaccaaaagatgggtttggaaaccctctgagctcattgtttgatggatctgagctaaagcatcattgaccacactaactctacaaaccaaaaattcgactggttacacttagtagtatttttggccacctggaattagtgtgagttcagaaccagtgtaattatggctaataattaatgcccaaaaagtctgattatttgctttttcccaatgcacagtaaccctaatagaagactttaggttcatttggggaagtctgggagaaagattaatggtatacatttttggcagtatagtagggttcttctccacaggagcctggactcccattcattcaagaagtcgtaggtctgtaaagtgactcaagtttcaagattgattgagcgattataattttctgttttggtgattcatattacagaagtgtttgaagtcaattacataattgacaataaagaaataattacagtctggtttgcaaagaccaatcatattggctacttgatcaggattttcattgacgataaacaggcagttgacgaaatgctttcttgatgtgtgcctatctatttcccttgccaattactgtgaccatacctaccttgactttggcaattaagtgttgccacttggcctctgcaaccccagaatccatttaaagattcctgtttagtggtcaccccattgatttagacatccttattcattggcagtagttcccactgtaatttctaacctaagggaaggagaaacgccagagtttttcagtaatgccagggctccacttgcaactttatatgtcatagttgtaatgacagaagtcttctgtagacccttctggaatgggtaagcaagttttacataataaattcattgtaagttttcaatctccctaagcctttagataccttcttctacagtataccaaggaagttctggtactttatttttatttagcatgggcacattttggtccatatttcagccagccatccaaacaagttattagaaagctctaacttaagctgcaacattgaatacgctctgctttgtgggcccatataaaaaattcaacttgatataatggtatgttccattcaccattattccacatcccgaatattcattcccgtatatattctccacatttttgtttattcataaattggaaaacatcatacagttcttttggagtatagtgcacttcctcatgggtaacactttgtaccttaccctttagggcctgctgggacttgtgcctagttataggtctaaaagcaaagaaagacattaggggtaggtcctaaagagacacagaagtgccttataagggaactacctctgggaaggtcattaaaattcctcaggcaaagacagggtaacctcctcaa
>Human| chrX:88101693-88103192 | element 200527 | negative
gttgaacatttgtaagggcactggctatgctggatatgcctcagtttgttgggctcgaggcgggcccctcttcctgtttcctgagagagattgtccatctttgctaattttagaatgacactgacttgcccagcgattgcctttttcacaacggggacatacactggggcttttctgttgtttgatggtagtagctctcgccttttggcttccttttctgcattccttttttgtgtgcccaaattgcccacaattgaagcaagagcctgagaaatggggcatattctttctggcttttaatccagccatagcctgagctaaaagagtagccttatgtaagttacctccagtgccattgcaagccttaatatattcagctaaatgagacttccctctcaggggtctaatagcagtttgacactctgcattagcattatcatatgtgagaagctgtattacaacatcttgagctgttttatcagttatggctttatacacaacctcttggagccaagcaataaaatcaatatatgattctttaggtccctgatggacagaactgaaggaagagtatttttcccctgtaacatttatcctttcccatgcccataagcatacagagcacagctgagcaatgacaacatcctccattactgcttgatattctagtcaaccccaatcaggtccgactcccattaactgttcaaagtaaacaggcacaggtggttgtgcttgttattttcccttgcctgagtttgagcttcatcagcccaccaggttttaaactgcaactactgagatggagtgagaacagattttgttaaagtatcccaatcatatgatattaatctattatcaagagaaacattttttaataaagtttgcacaaaaggagagttttacccatattgactaatggcttgcttgaattcctttaacagttgaaaaggaaaggtagtccagttagctatattctgtcctccctgctggattatagttacaggaaattgccatgcttcaagatctccattggctctagccttttgaatagagttttgtatagcaccaccaatggctccaggttttaatgttgcaactacaggagcagtaagttttgtagctaattcatcttctcacccattaatgggagagagaggaggtggcctttcacttaattcagcagtaaaacatactttgttcagtttccctttcttttctttaatttcctccatttcctgttcctcacattcagaatctgaatttagttctttacacccatcctcctcttccgcatctgaatctgcctcatcatctgtttgaaatggctcaagagctgcttttattagcacccacattgaccaaaactgagactggaatttttgctccatctttatacacttttaaaaaatctctgacaattctctcccattgatccaactccatagtcccttgttccaggaaccgtgggcaaaactgctttactgcactaaagagtgataa
>Human| chr5:42394022-42395521 | element 200528 | negative
gcctcaggaaaattactatcatggaagaaagcaaaggggaaacaggcactttgcacaaggaggtgggagggaggagtgaatgaaggagtaactgccaaacacttttaaaccatcagttctcatgagaactcttctcactatcatgagaacagcatgggaaaactgcccccatgatccaatcacctcccagcaggtgcctccctagacacctggggattacaattcaaaatgagatgtgggcagggaaacaaaaccaaaccatGTAAATGTCAAAAAAGAAAACCAAACAAACCAATTACATTGCAAACACTATATTAAAATAATATATGAGACTATCCCAAACCTTTACTTATGAGTACATTTGTAACCTAAACTTATTTTATTCTTAAAACTAAGAGAATAAAAATAAATGAATTACGCATTCAACTCCAGAATTTaggagaaggaggaggagaagcataaggagaGTGCAAAAACATAAAACAAACAAACTaacaaaacaaaacaaaacaaaGACATGTCTACAGAAAGCAAGAAGAACAAAAGCAAAAAATAATACATTGGAAAATATGTTGTTTTAAAGAGAGAATGGATATGTAAATGCAATTTCTACAAACACACAGATGCACACACACAGCTGTACTGAAAATATTCATGAAAAATGTTTAAATGTATCATGTAATACACTCTGATGTTATTATTGacaaataagctgcatacatttaatttccacagtttgataagttttgacatatgtaaacacccatgcagccatcaacacaatcaagatgatgaaaatatctaacgtactcaaaagtaccctcatgtctctttgcaatctctttccatcccctctccttcctcccccatccacagagaaacactgatcttctttctatcactatggattagttttaatttctagatttttaaaaatacagaatcataaagtatgtgcttttttgtctggtttctatcactgagagtaattattttgaaatctttccatgtggtttcctgtatcaatagctcattcttttttattgttgagtaatattgcattgtatggatacaccacaatttatttgctcaattatatgttgatggatatttgtgttgtttccagtttgaagctattagaaataTTATATTCCTGTTTAGTTTTCTATTTTTAATGTGTCCATAACCTTCTTAAACTGATGGTACAGCCACTAATGAGACATAAGCCATAGATCTAAATAGTGTCTTAAGACATAAAATGTATATCAAGTATATCAAAGAGAAGAGAGGAAAATAATAATAAGTTATTTCTACTATGACACAGTTTAAAGATACAGTTTAAAGATCCCCTTTAGATCCACCTCTTTCTTTAAAACCTAGCAGATAAACAATATTAACAGTTCACTTTTAACATTCCTGTTAATCGGCTATTAATTCTTAAGAGGGAATTAATAGAAGTCAACATAGAACAAGAATAGAACATAAGAAGACGGGGTTGGG
>Human| chr14:66799673-66801172 | element 200529 | negative
attgaatgtattcaaactgaaacacagaaaacaagtctgtgaaaagacctaatgtatatgtaaatcagagtcctaaaaggagaaaaattagactaagagtgagaagcaacatttgaagagattctggtcagaaatcttaaaaacttacaaaagacataagtccacagatttaaaaaattctatgaacctccaaacgtaatagaacaaagaaaatcatatcataggcttatcatagtaaaaatattgaaaatcaaagaccaaagggaaacattaaaagtagctgggggaaaacAGGAACCCAaagatggccaaataggaacaggtccactctgcagctcccagtgagatcaatgcagaaggcagatgatttctgcattttcaactgagctctgaagggagcagtggatctaccagcacagtgttcaagctctgataagggacagactgcctcctcaagtgggtccctgaccctggtgcatccagactgggagacacctcccagtaggggccgacagacacctcatacaggagagctctgcctggcatctggcgggtggccctctgggacaaagcttccagagtaaggaacacgcagcaatctttgctgatttgcagcctctaccagtgataatcaggcaaacagggtctgcagcaaactccagcctccagcaaactccagcagaccagcagcagaggggcctgactgttagaaggaaaactaacaaacagaaaggaatagtaacaacatcaacaaaaaggacgtccattcagagatcccaaccaaaggttactgacttcaaagaccaaaggtaggtaaatccatgaagatggggagaaaccagaacaaagaggctgaaaattccaaaaagcagaatgcctcttcttctacaaaggatcacaactcctcgccagccagggaacaaaactgcacagagaatgagtttgacgaattgacagaagtaggcttcagaaggtaggtaataacaaactcctccgagctaaaggagcatgttctaacccaatgcaaggaagctaagaaccttgaaaaaaggttagacgaattgctaactagaataaccagtttagagaagaatataaatgacctgacggaactgaaaaacacagcatgagaacttcatgaagcatacacaagtaacaatagctgaatcgatcaagtggaagaaaggatatcagacattgaagatcgactcaatgaaataaggcaagaaaacaagattagagaaaaaaagagtgaaaagaaatgaacaaagcttccaagaagtgtgggaaaagaccaaatctacatttgattggtgtacctgaaagtgatggagagaatggaaccaagttggaaaacactcttcaggatattatccaggagaacttccccaacctggcaagagaggccaacattcaaattcaggaaatacagagaacaccacaaagatacttctcaaaaagagcaaccccaagacatgtaatcatcagattcaccaaggt
>Human| chr7:70380713-70382212 | element 200530 | negative
tatatatatctcctgatgcacgtatataaaagtatccttcaggagtgtgtacccaccactcagcttaggaagtgaaatattaccagctccttagaaagccccaggttgccatggacttccaatattatccccccatctccagaaacatcccctgttttctagaggcaaccacaatcctaaatctatcttaatcactctcttggttttcttcatagttttactatctagctgtctaccattaaacaatataatgcttagtttaggcttttttttttttttttgagacagagtctcactctgtcgcccaggctggagtacagtggaatgatattggcgcactgcaacctctgcctcctgcgttcaagcgattcttctgcctcagcctcccaagtagctggggctacatgtgcgtgccaccatgcccagctaatttttgtatttttagcagagacagggtttcactgtgttggccaggctggtctcgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccttctgccttggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacgggcattaggctatttttgaacattatttctgacatttgcttctttcccttgatgttattgtgttttcaaggttgggttgtgtaaactgagaaggaaaggacagttcattcatgttgttgttgtagagtgttggagtgtgtgcatataccatgggttatccattctgcttttgatggacatttggattgcttccagctttgagctattacgaacaacaatgctatcaactttcttacacatgtctcctgacacacgtatataaaagcatcctaaagtgggcatacctaggattgtcactgctgggttatatgcacatgttcagctttctaacacctcattctttcccaaagaggctgtagcaatttacactcccaccaTACATTCACTCATTCATTCATCAAACACCTTCCAACCCCAGTAGCATGTCAGGTGCAAATGCCCCAAAAGCCAACATGCCTTTTAccgggcgcgatggctcatgcctgtaatcccagcaAGTAAATAACTGGCAGTAAATAATTCATCATTGGTGCACATTCACTTGGCATTATTCTACTTGAAATTTCTTGCAGGTTGCTTGGTATGAAGTAATAAGTTAATCATAAAAAATGCTAAAATGGTTCTCATTTTTGATGTATTACAGGtattttatcaactgctgagagaatcggggtaaaatacttccctgtgatggtagagtttgtcaatcaatttctccttatagagcttttcttttttttccggctttcagtgttttgaggctattaggtacatgaaagtctaaaattgctacaccttcttgatgtattgaaccttttatcattatgtaatgacccctttattaaggcattttgcttcaatcctgttttaaataatatgaacatggctactttagctttcctttggttagtatttggctgatatatcccttttttaatctttcaatttttcttctgtgtc
>Human| chr8:23929998-23931497 | element 200531 | negative
AGTCTGGTCACTTGCTGAGGTTTATCAGAGGTTGTCTTACAGTAGAAGCTGGTCTTGGCCTCAGACCAAGGAGTGTCACTTTTCTTTATACCCTTATTGAGCCTCATTGGTCCGAGGTCCACTCCTTATAATTGAGGCCTGAAGCCAATAAGAAGAAAGGCCAGATTTGGGATTGGGTGGGAATAGAGGGGAACAGAATAGGCTTAAGGTCCTATGATGCTTATGGAGAAAGCAAATTCCACAAATGATCAGCTCTGCTTCTGCAGAGAATGACGCTCTGGATGGATTTGCGGTGGAAAACAAAGGCTTCCCTCTCTGTTGATGATGAGCAGATGGAAGGAGCTGATGGGGTAAAGGAGCTATCAAATCCTCATCCTAAGTAGAATCTGTGTGGATTGCCAGAGGTAAATTGAGGCAGAAAAAAGAATGTAAatcatcattggtgaagtgtctgttcaagtcttttgtctgcttttttttttttttttccgattgggttatgtgtctttttttaattgagttgtatgagttctttatatattttggattcaagtccttcatttgttatatatctgccaatattttatcttagtctgtagcttgccttttcgtttcttaacaatgggtgttaaagagcagTTTTGTTGTATTAAAATAACACAACAaaaaaaacagctttgggcttcaagaatttttctgtgttatttacctttgcaattgtattaatttctgcttaatgtgtgttattttcttccttctgcttgcattgggttaatttgttattcttattacaatttattatgtgtaagcctaggtcactgattttaatctattcaacttttgtaatataagcttttaatgccataaatttctaagtattgctttaccttgatcccatggattttaatattatgtgttccttttcatttagttcacaaaattgtctaacttccccttgtggtatttctttgactaatggttaatttcgaagtgaggtgacaagtttctaaatatttggaaaattatcagttttttaaatttttttaaattatattcaattgtatttgtataatttcaataatatttttatatttattgggaataattttacgacccagaaatatggtcatttgtggaaaatacttcatgtgctcttgaaaagaatgtgtattctggttgttggtggaggtgattattccataaacatcaattaagtcaaattacttgataatactgtattgctcaagatttctgtgtctttcctgatatttttgtctactaatttttatccattatcgacagagggaatttgaaatcttcaataattgtggatttaagaaaattgtatttttagtattttcagtttttgatgtattttgaagtgccattaagtgaatatgttcttagaatatttatctcttcgggattaactgatcccttaatcattatacaatgacctgctttttccttggtTTGATATAGTTATAGATAGAGATATTG
>Human| chr2:121310447-121311946 | element 200532 | negative
AGTCTCTTGGGAATGTTAACTTTCCCACTCTCACCCTACCGGGATCCTGACCTCCTGCACAGTTGGCTTCCTCAGGCAAAACTGGGCCAGAAATTCTGGGCCGTTGGCCAGAGTCAGACCTTCGTCCTCTGGTAGCGTCCGCTGGAAAAGAGGAGGCGAGAGTCACCAGGAGGCTGGCCCCACTCGCAGGCCCTGCCCTCTGCCGGTGGGTCCTATGGATGACACGAGGCCGCACTGGGCTGGAGAAGAAGAGAAGCTCCTGAGACACGCCCACTCTGCAGAGGGAGGCAACCGCACAGGTAATCCATCCTCTCTAGGCTTTTCTGTTCCCGTGCAGTaagtgaagtgaagcaaggtgaagaagtgaagtgaGCATTCAGGACATGAATTGGCACGTGGTCGGTGCTAGAGGAGCTGGCAAGGTAGACTCTGGTCTCTTCTGTGGTGCTGAAGCTGGGGAAATAAGGAACAATCTCATCCACAGGCCAGGCCTCCGGCGTGCTCGGGAGCTACTGACGGAAACTCCTAGGGAACTTCCCTTGTGGAAAGAACGTAAGCTCCGCCCACTCGGGCAGCTGAGGCCATTGATTCGTTCACTCATTCGCTGGACTATTTCTCCAGCCCATGATCTTATTTTATAACAAGTACAACATTCATTCATTTTTACACATAATTACCTCACTTATTCCATGGAAGAACCCTGCAAGTTTGATGGTTGTAGCATGCAATTATCGATGGTTGCTCATGCAATTattcattccttcaacatgtagcaattgagcttcttcaaattgccaggcatgggcaggtgcccagaacacaggcacagtcccaacccttgaggaacctacagcctgttaggaaggcagaccctgataaataaaccatacaagaaattagatcattacaaggccaggtgcagtgactcacgcctataatcccaacattttggaaggctgaggcaggaggattgcttgagcccaggagttcgagatcagcctgggcaacagagcaagaccctatctctaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattaattagccaggcatggtggtgtgcctgtagtcccagctagacatggtggtgtgcccgtagtcccagctactaggggggctgaggcgagagggtcgcttgagccaagaagtttgaggttgtactgagacattgtcctatgagaccctattcctaaaaaagaaaaaagaaagaaaatagttaattacagtgacaagaagtgcttcaagggagaggtgcttggtgttaagtgagcccctaacagagagacctgatgaagtctggggtctgtgaacaccttcttgaagaggtgacctgtgagctgggGACTggcaggggcttttttctccagtctggcacagatcccacctgggtcattcatccagcatcagtaaattacatcaccctctggcccctctgggtgctgtgtttgtgctcccACTTTATCATCCCATTGTGGCTGTCCTTTCTTTCGA
>Human| chr7:45283815-45285314 | element 200533 | negative
CCTGGAGGTTCCTGACTGCCCTAAGCCTTGGAATTAATGAAGTGACACAGACGAGAGCATGCTTGATAAATGCTGTTTGGGTCTGACTCTAATTTCCTGTTGGCTGGATAAATTTTAGGTTCCAGTTCCTCTTCATCTTTGGTGATACTCAATTTTttcttttctcccttccttccttccttccttccttccttccttccttcctttcttccttccttctttctctctctctctttctttctttctttctttttttctttctttctttctttttctttcttttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctttctctttttctttctttctttccttccttcttctttctttctctttctttttgttttccttttttttgatgcagtttcactctctagcccaggctggagtgtagtggcatgatctcggctcactgcaatctctgcctcccgtgttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctcccgagtagctgggattacaggcatgcgccaccacacctgtctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttcaccatgttggccaggatggtctcgagctcctgacctcaagtgatctgcccacctcagcctcccaaagtgctgggattataggcgtgagccaccgtgcccggcAGATACCCATTTTTTTCTTTGTGAACAATATCAAGAGTCTAATAATCCTTCAAATCATTACTCTAAGTGGCAGCAACAGAGGGCCAGTGGCAGATGGATATTGGTCCTGGAAATGTGCAAATCCTTTGACTTGGGCTGTCACCCCTTATAAATTCTCAGAAGCAAATAGCAAGCTTTGTGAATGCCACGTGTCCATCATCTTGGAGATATCCAGAATTGCCAGTCATAATAACGGAATTATATGAACAGTAAGAGTCTGCTTATCAGCTGTTTCCAGACTTTCATTTCTATTTCTAATGGCCTCTAAAAGGAAATGCAGAGTTAGTTCCACCAGAGTGTTCATTAAGCATCTTGATAAAAGTGGCTTCTAAGACACAGGTGTGCTAAGATTTTCTATCCTGTTACTTTAGTCAGACATGATTTATCAGTGGCTTGCATTTGCTTTTACATTGCTTGGTGGATCTTTGTGTATAAGCATTTGCTTCTGTCATATGGAGGAAATCTTAAGACAGTAGCCTCTTGATGAGGTTTTAAGGGGTTGAGTCCTATTCACAGACAAAAGTCTCCGATGTGTCTAGAAGTGTATATTATCCTGAATGTCATATCAAATTCTGTTGAGAAAACTAGAACCATTTAAAGTACAATAGTGCAGGCTGAAGATGGAGCTCGTAACGTTCTAACCTTAGTGTTCTGGAAACCCTCTCAAATATTTTAATATATTGACTTAATATTTCTAAAGGATAGTTTTATTAAGTCTTATAGGATTATAATATATGTTACAATATCTTTCAATGCTTTATACTTCAACTACTTACT
>Human| chr21:27585716-27587215 | element 200534 | negative
tcctgggctcaagggatcctcccatctcagccttccgagtggctgggaccataggtgcacactaccatgcctggctaattttaaaattttttatagagatagggtcccattacgttgcccgggctggccttgaattactggcctcaagcaatcctctggccttggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggtgtgaaccactgcacccaaccACAAGTAAACTTTTGAATCCAAGGAGACACATGGTGTGGGGTCCAGACTGCTGTGACCATCCTATGTCAGGACAAGTCTAGTGCTTCACTATCAAAGACATTTCTGAAACATggcctgggcttggtggctcacgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcaggcagatcacctgaggtccagagttcgagaccagcttggccaacatggtgaaaccctgtctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagcctggcatggtgacgacctcctgtaatcgcagctactagggaggctgaggcaggggaaacgcttggacctgggaggtggaggttgcggtgagccaagattgcatcactgcactccagcctgggtgacacaatgagaTACTATCTTaacaaacaaacaagcaaacaaacaaaAAATgaaagaaagaaagaaagaaaAAGAAATTTCTGAAGCAGAATAAAACACCAGCCACTGAAATTGGATTTAATATAAGTGCTTTGTGACTTTGGTTTATACTTTTGTTGCTAGGGACATGGAATTTTCATTTTTACCTCCAGCTTGGAACCAGCCATAAGCCAGTGTCTCCTCATGGCTAGCTAAGAGCATTTCCTAGTCTGTTTGGGAAGGAGATAGAACCTCATTTTCCTTTCTACATTCCCTATGAGGCACTCAAATTCCTTGAAATCATATTTCCCAGGAATCACAAATGAACCAATCTAAACTCTGTGGGGATGATAGACTTTCTTGAGGTCCTCTGGATTTCCTAGGTCCAAGGATTGGTATTTGTGGTAGTGGGTGATGCCCAAGGGTGAAGGAGAACTGTTACTATATTCAGAACCCTGAGAGTTCATTCTGTCCTTCACTTGAAGGAAAACTATCAACAGGTAACAGCACCCCTTAGACTTGCTCCTTCTTCTGTGGATGCCCTTTTCTGGCCATGGGCACTTGAAGGAAATGAATGAGAGACCCAGGACATAGGCGCTGGGGAAGGAGTAGAGATTGATGTCAGCTCTTTCCTGGAAAGGTTAACAGAAACTACAGGGCATGATTTATTGAAATAATCTGGGTGAAAATGCTTGTATATGCTAATCTTATTttttattttattttgttttatttttgagacaggctctccctctgtcacccaggctggaatgcagtggcatgatcttggctcactgcagacttcgcctccgaattcatgtgattctcccacctcagcctcctgagtagctgggattacaggtgcgtcccaccacttctggctaatttttttttatt
>Human| chr5:28506889-28508388 | element 200535 | negative
tcaactgatcatagggaactccccataaagccatcagtgcaggctgggggagagaaggcagggtggcagaagtgaaggccatgggcatttgaatcatttcctcatgtaacttatttgagccttaaggacttgctcgagcataatcacatatataccacttccatttgatgatggaatgctgctattcatgacccactttatggctagatgggtcagaaaatacccagttcgtgataggcagttcaggtcgcatggtgacttgatgacctgtagtcaaacgttcagtttccaccaaagcccagtaacaagtcatgagctgcctctcaaaatgagagtaattatcgtggaagatggcagggccttgctccaaaatcctagaggtctctactgtgattcacctatgggggcctgccaaaggctccagacagcatccctatatgccaccgacacctcaagaaccattgaatctgctgggtcattagcccaagaggcagagcagtttgcatagtagtctggacctgttgcagagccttctcctgttctggaccccacttaaaactggcagcctttcaggtcactcaataaatgggccaaagtaacacacccaaatgaggaatgtgttacctccaaaatcccaataggttcactaggtgttgtgcctcccttttggttttgcaggagccaagtccatcaacttatgcctcgccttagaaggaatatctcaacaggccccacactactggacccctagaaattttactgaggtagatgtttcctggattttagtttggtttatttcccatcctctgacacacaaatgtctcaccaataagtctagtgtgtttgctacctcactggctccaatcagcataatgtcatcaatgtaatggaccagtatgatatcttgtggaagcaaaaagaaatcaaggtctctaccaataacattatggcacaaagccagatatttaatatactcctgaggtaagacagtaaaggtatattgctgttcttgccaactgaaggcaaattgcttatggtagactttatagacagaaacagaaaaaggcatttgccagatcaagagatgcatgtcaggtaccaggagatgtgataactttctcaaacaatgaaaccacgttggtacagcatttgcagtcaccacttggttaagttcacaataatcccctgtcattctccaagatccatctgtcttctccacaggctaaacaggacagttgaacatggatgtggtaggaatcaccccccagtgtgcttcaagttttcgatggtggcactaatctctggaatccctccaatgatgagatgctgtttttgattcactatttttctaagaagaggcagctctaatggtttccatttggcctttatcacataatagccatcaccctactagtcagggtgccaatataggggttctgccagctgctaagtgtgtttatgccaattatgtattctggcactggggaaatggccacagag
>Human| chr1:63545156-63546655 | element 200536 | negative
GCAAGGGCGCTAAAATTCTGCACTAAGTCCTTTCTGTCACTGACAATATTCTTGATCACTGGAATTTAAAATAAAATGATTTGATAAACTTCCAAAGGTGTTTACCACGTGCAGGCCATGTGCTGTGGACGAGTGATACAATGATTCTTGAGGCCTTATCTTTCTCTACAAAGAGCTCATAGTCTTTCAATAATTCAACAatacattcgttcaatacttttactgatgcccacggcatgccaggcaccactgtactgggtatataatggtgaacaaaactgacagctctctgcccttgtggagtgtagagtctagtagcatatctagaaacagtaagcacaaataaataaacaatattgtatTAATATTATTTTTATGTCAGCAAAGGAAAAAAATGGGTAGCATAACAAAAGACATGTGATGGGATTGGGGAACAACATATAAACCAATACCAGCAGTGCACTGGGAAAGGCACACATACAAAAGGCTTTCAGAGTATGAACATCCGTGTACCTTCACTCCTGACTGCAGGCGCAGACTGTGTGTGGGGAGATGCTCATATAGAAACCCAGGTACCCAGGAATGACATACACCAACACACATACCTCCTAGAAGTATTTTCTCAGACTACAAACTATTAAGGATGTAAATTTCTGACAGTGAAAATTTTATTTTTTTAGTGTTTCTGTAACTGTATAGATACACGAATTATTTAGTAGTTCAGTTATTCTACAAATACTAAACTGTTTTACAGCATGATTCTTATTGAAATAAGCAATTAAcacatcttgcctcttcttgcaagctctctctgaccacccacctacaccctccgtgagtcttctgtgattctcttctatattccattattccttatgcatgcctttaccatcacaattttcacacttttataatcactgatttgttttgcttttctcatcttctagattgtgaacatcttgaagccacagactgtcttaattgtctcaatatgcctagggcttagctgtcttagtttgggtttcacgataaacagaccttgagaacagcattcaagtgcaagcagtttatttggaagatggtcccagggaacactagtaagggagtggggaggggaacaaggaagggggcgaagctcataaggagcgttttattaagcaagttaccaggttccctctggagaactctgggaagccacatggaccatgtaccagcattatcagggtatttatccaccttcccatctgttgttggttgaggcctgctcccacgggtaagaaccctccagcatgtctggtttgttttccccacaggccaggcatgcttgtacaacctgaaaaatccctcgggcagagtcacaggtgctttctataagcaaccttcagaccgtggaggtgagtgccaagggatatgaatggggtgtcaactagtatctgctGGCTCCCCATGGCAGCTAGGTAGGCTTTGGTGGCTCAATGTAACAAAATAGCCAAGCAGAGC
>Human| chr1:240438275-240439774 | element 200537 | negative
actacaggtgtagactttttgctgagacaaagtgcatgaacctggtggtatacctatagctggtaggggaaattggggtcaagaaagggtgttcttttttttaagTTTTTttttttttttgtcttttattatactttaagttctgggatacatgtgcagaacgtgcaggtttgttacataggtatacacgtgccatggtgttttgctgcatgcatcaacccgtcacctacattaggtatttctcctaatgctatccctcccctagccccccaaccccaaacaggccccagtgtgtgatgttcccctctctgtgtccatgtgttctcattgttcagctcccacttataagtgagaacatgtggtgcttggttttctgttcctgtggtagtttgctgagaatgatggtttccagcttcatccatgtccctgcaaaggacatgaactcatccttttttatggctgcatagtattccatggtgtatatgtgccacattttttttttatctagtctatcattgatgggcatttgggttggttccaagtctttgctattgtgaacagtgctgcaataaacatacctgtgcatgtgtgtttatagtagaatgatttataatcttttgggtatatacccagtaatgggattgctgggtcaaatggtatttctggttctgggtccttgagaaattgccacactgtcctccacaatggttgaactaatttacactctcaccaacagtgtaaaagcattccttttctccacatcctctccagcatctgttgtttcctgactttttaatgctcgccattctaactggtgtgagatagtgtctcactgtggttttgatttgcatttctccaatgaccagtaatgatgagcttttttccctatgtctgttggctgcatacatgtcttcttttgagaagtgtctgttcatatcctttgcccactttttgatgggAAAGGGTATTCTTAAGTAGAAAGTATAGCCTGTTTGTTATCCATGCAAATGACCTCTAAGGAATGGAAGAATCCAGCGTATAAGAGGGATCAAACCAAATATggtggctcacacctataatctcagcacttagggaggctaaggccaaaggattgcttgagaagtttgagactagcctgggcaaTCCCTATCATTTCTGCAagggaagtatagtatgaatgctgggcagcagtgaagggcccacctgaggttagtggccatgattttaagggtggtttgcatttctctctgcaatgttcagctgttcaggacacaggcattagaataggtgaagaggtggttttaacaagggttgaggtcttgtcatttgcatatgatattttattatagaggaattaaagggtgtatatgaccctggaaggcatgaataatggtgcgtggttaagaatgtgtgttaggatgtaagggaagagtgtgagggacaatATAATTTGAGGAGAAGCTTCATGTGTCCTGGTGAAACTGATGAGAACACTTTGAC
>Human| chr20:44389519-44391018 | element 200538 | negative
tttctccatcctacaagacctaaataatttttgtggaaaaatgggcatttttcacacttcgttccctccctagtctctgttcccaatacgattcctcccaaatcctccttctttccctcccgcctgtcccctcagtcccaaccccaagcgttgctgagtctttccagtcttccttttttctacagacccatctgacctttctcctcctccccaggctgctcgtcgccaggccaagctaagtcccaattcttcctcagcctccgctcctccacactataatccttctaccacctcccctcctcacacccggtccagcttacagtttagttctgcaactaattcttccccacctgcccagcaatttcctcttagagaggtggctggagctgaaggcatagtcagggtacatgtacctttttctctatcagacctctctcagatcagtcagcatttaggctctttctcatcagaccccactaaacatatacaggaattccaatatctaactctgtcctacaatttaacctgaagtgacttaaatgtcatcctgacttctaccctctccccagatgaacaggaaagagttttttctctagcccaatttcacactgataaccgccggcttcgtgaacctgacctccaggaaggcagtagagcagttccccgagaggacccccaatggaactataaggcagattccccaggtacagctaggcgagattacatggtttcctgcctagttgaagggcttaaaaaggcagcttacaaagctgttaattatgacaagcttaaagaaactacccgaggtaaagatgaaaacccagcccaggtcgtggcccgcttagcagcaacccttacacactttaccgccctagacccagaggggccagaaggccgccttattcttaatatgcattttatcacccaatccactcctgacattaggaaaaaacttcgaaaattagaatcgggccctcaaaccccacaacaggaattaatcaacctcgccttcaaggtgtacagtaatagagaggaagcagccagacggcaacgcatttctgagttacaattacttgcctctgctgtgagacaaaacccagccacacctccagcacacaagaacttcaaaatgcctaagccgcagcagacaagcattcctacaagacttcctccatcaggatcttgcttcaagtgccagaaatctggccactgggccaaggaatgcccgcagcccaggattcctcccaagctatgtcctatctgtgcagggacccactagaaggcagactgcccagctcgcccggcagccactcctagagcccctaaagctctagcccaaggctctctgaccgactccttctcagatctgctcggcttagcgactgaagattgacgctgcccgatcacctcggaagccccccggaccatcatggacgccaagcttcaggtaactctcacagtggagggtaagtccatcccctgtttaatcgatacgggggc
>Human| chr2:127215803-127217302 | element 200539 | negative
gcagaagttgcagtaagccaggatcacaccactgcactccaggctgggcgacagagcgTGGATTTTCCAACCCAAGAGAAGTCACAGAAAGTACACAAATGCATTCATGTGTAGATGACAATAAGTAAACCATCATCTAGGACAGAGACAAGAAGCTGTAGAAAAAGAGTTACTCAGTGTGTCCTGGGAAAACAGACACAGTGCACACCAAGCAATGCTAACAAAACAATGCAGTAGCTACAGATTCAACATGGGAAGCCCCAGAAGGAGCAGACACCTGTGGAGCACAGAGATCTTTGAGAGCTTCCTTAAGGGAAGAAATTAGCAGTGCCTTTAAGACAGATATTATTGAAAAAGACATCCAcagtcatttgataattatttaaggagtgtctgcagtgagccaggtgctacgctacacaatgagtaaaacaataatcgtaaatatgaataatgctgccttgtctttgtgttgcactttgcaattcatcatccagtcaggaatgacaATCTGAACATCAGGACAGAAAAGAAAAGGGACAAGCAGGAACTAGAATTGCTTAAACACCTCAGTGTCCCTAGCACCACACTGGTATTTTGCAGTGGCAGTTCAAATGCCATTTGAATTTAAGGTTGAGGCTTGATTTAAGGTTAAATCAAAAGAGAAACTAGGTGACCGACCAAGTCACTCATAGAGCTTGTGCTGGTAGAGTTCGGAACTGAATAAGATCCTTCAAAGCCAAAGCTCTGTTGAGGAATCTGGAGGTAGTCAGGGTCTGGTTTAAACAGAGCCCTGGGAAGGGTTGGGATTGGGTAAGGAGGAAAGGAAGAGAAGGAGAGAGGGAGAGAGATCAGTCAACAGGAAGGAATCAGGGCCATTTTCTACAGGAGTATACTCATTCCTCCAAAGAGCATCTATCTCCCAGGGGAGCACTGTTGCCATGACTAGTTAGCACCTGGAGCATTTTTCCAGTTCAAAGGTATTCTTTCCTATAATAACCAATTAGCACCTGTCACAGTCATTTTCCTGACCAGTTGATGAGGATTGAGGTTCTGGCAGGCTGGAGATTTCACTAAAGCCCTTTGGTTAATAACGGTGATATTCAGAGCAGAACTAATAGCTCATGCTTGGAATGGATTCTCTCTTTTATGTGACCAGATTCTCCCAGGACCTGCATAGTTTGATTTTTCTGTGCCCAAGAACTTTAACAAGCTATTGTTAGCCAGTAATAACTTTTGGAGCCCCCCTGGCCAGAAAGCAGAACAGTTCATCACTGAACAATACAGCTGATTTATTTTATTATTAAGGGAGTTTGTAAGAGGACAATTCATGTTTCCTCTGCTCTTAGGTGATTCTCAGAGTCTGCCATCCTTCTCAATATTGCCACATTGACTCCCATTGCTGCAGAGCTTATGCTGTGCAGAGTCCCATCCAGGACCCAAATTGCAGAGACGGTAGCCAAAGTGTGGGCTATGCAGGGAATGCAGTGTCCTTGGCTT
>Human| chr12:61020033-61021532 | element 200540 | negative
ctcaattatgaaaaaTGAAATGGAATTTTAGAAATGATCCGTATGTAACTCAGGAAATATGGCAAATCAGTTTTGCTGAGTCAAAAGGTTAAAGCACTAATAATGAGAAGAGGCTAGATCAGCCAAATAAAGAAAATAAATCCTTAAGGACAAGGGCACAGCTGTTTGAAACCACCTAGCATTAGATGTTAAGGGGGTCTAGATGTCCTCTCACAAAGATGGAAAAATCCCAAACTTTTGTTACTGCATTGTTTAACATTTAAAGGGAAGATGTTAAGCATTGTAGTAGTGATGGTTCTATGAATGtattttggattgaattttgtctccccaaaatttatacgttgaagtcctatcttccggtatctcaaaatttgactgtatttggcaattgggtcttcacaaagaaaactaacattaaatgaggtaatatggatgggccctactccaacatgactggtgtcattCATGTTTAGGATAGTCTATGGCTGCATTATTTGCAATGCATTGATTTGTATATGGCTTATAGGAATATTCTGGGAGCATAAGACAATATAGTATTTCTAATTATATCTATGTTATAAGCAATGTAACTTCATACTACATAGTTTAATGTATTCTATATAATCAACCTAATATACGGCATTGGAACATCTGCATGCACAGATAATTGTTTATGGGATATTTATGGCTTCTGTACGTGTACTCACCTCACTCAGATAAAACAGGCAAGAAGTAAAAATCATCCAATTTATCTCTTTCATATTAGAAAGCATAGTGTAGAAAATTTCTTTAGTGAGGTTAGAGGCACATAATTTTTAGAGAAGGGCTTATTTACTAGTATTATTTTACTTCAAGAGGAACAAGTAGAGGGAATTTACATGTGACAATTGAGATTACATGCAATTACCAAAACTTTTTAAAAACTATTTGATATTCAACTGATTTCATGATTTACTTCTTTCTATTTTTAATAAATACTACATCAATAATTGTTTCTGATAGATATCTACAATGCAAAGTTATAAAAAAGCTAATTCCACTTTTAATGTAGaaatttatttaaattaatttaaaGAAATAGTGTTTCATTGGAGGCTAATTTCACTAATGGATAAACGTATTAAATTCAAGAAGGTAACTGAAATTTTAAGGAAGAAAGATTATTTTATGGTCAAAGTCATTTGCAGTTGTCTCTGTGAAGAATGAGTGTGATTAAACCCCATAACACATAGTGATTTCTAAATCTCAAAGAAGCTAGAACAAAAAGTGTTCTCCCATGTTTTACAGAATTTCTCAAACAAGTTATTCACTCTAATGGGTGGTCATTCTGTTAATATGGAAGGCAAACACAGCATTCTAATCTACTTTATTTCTGTGTATACATGGTAGGCCTTGCTAAGAACTTAGCCTGACATTAAAACAATGAAAGCCTTTGGAAATTGTGAGCCATATTTGCTGCTGAGCAAAATTTAAACTTCCAAGGTTTTTAAATAAAAT
>Human| chr8:52896952-52898451 | element 200541 | negative
TGCTGCAGCCATTATTGGGTTAAAGAAGATTAGCGGCAAAATGGATCATTTAAGAGTGTTTTCATCCTGTCATGTTTTTCCAAACCAGAAGTGGAAGGGACAAGACTAAAAGCTGAAGGGAGTAGAAGTAGAAAAACTAGCCttattttatttatttatttattttttCTAGGAAGACTGAGGGAAATGCAAGCAGTATTCCTAGGGTCTCTATGCTCATGTAAAGAGTTTGAGAAACATGTCTTAAGTCCATGGGATGCATGGCTGGTGCCTTCCCTCCCGATGTCCCCAGCAGTCACTATGGGCCAGTAGGCCTGACTTCTGAGCCAGCATCTGGTGtcctcatgagactcagctccaggagccccaaggggaacccgcttgttatcacacaccttagtggcttctttcccttcctgtttcatttctccaccctctaccggtagagtttcttggaatcaactcccaaatcattgacttacctactccttttttcagagtctggtcctgggagaacctaaGAAAGGGCTCAACTCATTTCAAAATTACTTAAGGTTGCATGCACTATGCCCGGACTGACCTCACTAGGGTCAGGATCCGCATGTGCCTTCCTTTCCTGCCAGATGGGTGGCAAATGCCTTATATTATTGATCTGACTCTTAACAGATTCTTTGTGAAATGAATAAATGTATGGATGAATGAAAGATGTCCCATAGGAGCCATAAGGTAATACAAGGGATTTCTAAAATTCAACAAGTTAGATTCCCTATTGCTTCTCTATTTCAGCAAACACATCCACTCATCATGAACTGGCTCATCTTAAGTAGTGAATAGGCTCATTAAATATTTTAGTGACATTCACACTCCCTTAATGAGTTGTTTTTTCCAAACTTACATAGCATATTATTGGCtttaaatatattttcactatttaataataataataatGTTTCAGCAGAGGAATTTTTAATTTAGAGTTTAATGATCCTAGAGACTCATTACTTTGCTTTCTTGAAATACAGAACCAAAACATTTTCATCTCATCCTAAATCACTTTTATTAAGCTAATTTTCTCCACCACTGAATTTAGAGGAAATCCTCTTAATTTGGAGCCAGACATTATGTAAGATATGTGGTCTTAAACATATAAGTAAATATTAAAATAACATATTTTCTATATTATGGAGGATATTTAAATTGATATTTTAAAGAATCAATATACAGAAACTGAAAGGAATAAGTGTTATTTTTAAGTTGTCAGGAATCAGGTTTAAGatattaaaaaaatatatatatatataCATATTCAGCCAAAGATGGTTGATACCTTTCATATCACATGCATAGCTGGAAGGCATTATAATTTGGTGGCATCCAAAGCAAATGTTGTTTGTCCTTTCTCTATCACTGCATGTGAACACAGCTTCAGGGATAGCACACTTCTTACTTTTTAACTCACATTCATGTGCTGCTAGGGTTTtgctataggtggaatatttg
>Human| chr3:99956109-99957608 | element 200542 | negative
tgcagtaactcatgcctgtaatcccagcacttgggaagccaaggaagaaggactgattgagatcaggagtcccagaccagcctggtcaacatagtgagacTTTCgtgatgaaagaaaatgatgaactcagggattctaactcccggcttcagaagcagattctgagcctcaaatcttctaagattgtcctgattcagagtcttatcccctgtaaagaaaaagctgaaaAAATAAAATtaaaaaaaataaaaaattagccaggcatggtggcacacatcagtagtcccacctactagggaggctaaggaaggaggatcccttgggcctgggagttctagcctacagtaagctatgatcacaccactgcaatccagcctgggtggcagagtaagactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaaaGTTCTAAAACATTTAAACAACTGtgtgatggttaatactgagtgtcaacttgactggattgaaggatgcaaagtattgatcctgagtgtgtctgtgagggtgttaccaacggagattaacatttgagtcagtgggctggggaaggcagacctacccttaatctgggtcagcaccatctaatccgctgccaacaaatataaagcagtcagaaaaccatgaaaaggctagactggcttagcctcacagcctacatctttctcccctgctggatgctccctgcctttgaacactggactccaagttcttcagatttgggattcggactggcttccttcctcctcagcttgcagatggcctatggtgggaccttgtgatcatgagagttactactacttaataaactcccttttatatCCTATTGTATATAtctgcattgaatgttgcagctcggggagttaaaaaaaagttctaatagtttatttgcggccaggcacagtggtgcaagcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggccgaggcaggcagatcacctaaggtcgggagttcaagaccagtctgatcaacatggagaaaccccatctctactataaaaaaaaataaataaattagcctggtgtggtggcacatgcctgtaatcctagctactcgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcacttgaaaccgggaggcagaggattgtggtgagctgagattgcaccattgcactctggcctgggcaacaagagcggaactctgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaatatatatatatatatatttgcttggtgagctgaaatatggatgaaaaggtggcccactgtgagtgagctggaaatgcctgatctcgcttggtttaatatacaggaaggaatccaaaggcttagggagattgggatggtggagtggattagttactttagaaatactcatcccagctgggaggttccagaagatatacccttctctagtgctttgcaaaacatatttgtgagggcagcgcctgcatttttgaagagccctgtaattgctcttctctgtatgtcagatctaa
>Human| chr6:41928981-41930480 | element 200543 | negative
taggtggatcatctgaggtcaggagttcaagaccagcatggccaacaAAgcgtggtgtctcacacctgtaatcccagcactttgggagggtgaggcaggcagatcacaaggtcagcagtttgagaccagcctggccatcatggtgaaaccttatctctactaaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcatggtggcaggcgcctgtaatcccagctactcgtgaggctgagatgggagaatcgcttgaagccaggaggcagaggttgcagtgagccgagatagcgccactgcactccagcctgggtgacagagtgagactctgtctcaaaaaacaacaacaacaaaaacaacaacaacTAACAGTCCTCGCTTACGTTAGCCTTCCGAACTGCTCCTCCACAGCTCCTTCATTGCCTCCCTCTAGATAAGCCAAGTCCCTGTCTGCTCATACACCTCCTCTATTCCTTCAGCCTCAGCTTTGACATTGCTccagctctaccctccaccccaaactcccagcccacatccccacctggatgtcacacccggtacctcaaactcaagatgctcaaatcctgtccctgtcccttctcttgtgtattgtgtgtcagttcacagtgatctgctgagtcacccaagctgaaaatgctgacatcattctttctcagctcctcctgctcctacagtttccacatcaacctgtaagcaggacctgtcatcaatacttccaaaatgtctctggaatctggtccttccactcagtgctcaggtgctcccatctaatacttggactcctgcaatagcctctcttccaccagttaccatctctaacctgtgctccccacaactgcccaagcagtctttctttttttcttttgagttggagtttcactcttgtcgcccaggctggagtgtagtggcacgatatcggctcactgcaacctccgcctcccaggttcaagcgattcttctgcctcagcctccccagtagctgggattacaggtgcgtgccaccaccctggctaatttttatatttttagtagagacagggtttcaccatgttgaccaggctggtcttgaactcctgacctcaggtgatccacctgcctcggcctcgcaaagtgttgggattacaggcatgagccactgcgcctggctgcccaagcagtctttcaaagacttcaggaatgcacatgtgcttcttttgctccccaaaaccttAAAACCAgactaggcacagtggcttacacctgtaatcccagcactttgcaaggccaagacaggaggatcgcttgaggccaggagtttgagatcggactgcacaacctagcaagaccccgtctctacaaaaaaattaaaaattacctaaatgtggtgtgcacctatagtcctatttactgaggaggcttaggtgggaagattacttgagcctgggaggctgaggttgcagtgagctgtgatcatgctactgcccgccagcctgcgtgacaagagtgagatcc
>Human| chr6:116742563-116744062 | element 200544 | negative
tattaacataaacatattttaggaaaaaataactatatatacatatatatatatatatatatattttttttttttttttttttttttttttaggtacagggtctcactgtgtcacccagcctggagtgcagtggtgcagtcatagctcactgcagctttgaacttctgggctccagcaatcttgctgcctcagcctcctaagctgggacttcaggtgcatgccaccaggcccagctaatttttaaaaaattattttgtgtacagacagttttgctatgtggaactcctgggctcaggcaatcctcctaccttggcctcctaaagcactaggattacaggcataagccactgtacccagccaaactatatttttttaaaacaaaaaatagaaggaaggtgttgttttacatctttgcaaatcttatgtgtctgcttctgcacttgatttgttgctatgtgtttttttggttgaagtatgtgaagaaaatccagcctcacaggaatatgtgattgacaagggaggagtattttaataatcttttcaaataattgtgaatattcttctttgacgctacactaaaacttgactgatagtggttccataaaaattaatttcagtatagaatctgaagccatgttaatgaactcttcatactcttttacattaaaatccattggcatattttacacttaggagtggctgtcttatcggtgcatggttttataacatcatgcctttgttattttgcatgtgtgttcactgagttatttcagtctaccgaatgttgacacatttaattatacaatataaaaatcatgtttgttgatgttcttactgatttcatcagaaaaatctttaagtattggtaagctcttaagctcttggtagtggatgcaaattttccaaaattcttatttccagttgaaagctccaagtttgtcattggcaacaaaggctttcagctttccttgaactggcaggccttccttgtttattttcaagaatatttctgtgctaacacccaaattgagataactataatttgtcagttgatcattctgtcatgtaaaaatgtttcatgaaaaaaccgagctagctcagctctcaactcagtgcatgacttcttttgtttgtaacgttcttgtactttggtactccgtttaatcacataggatattagaaagatgtatactcaaagagttgagattttataaagattaatcacttttaccacttcatcaaggacatttttaaataaaattggctttaaaaattaaacaacaacaacaacaaaaacctgagtgcatggcagtgcaaaatcatacaaggactactagggcagtttagtgcccctgcttggattcttgctaaggttacagcagttttacttaatactgcttttgtaccatcagtgcaaatatcaacatataacatctttacgttattatgaaaatgattcttatttgtgaattctctaaaatgtaatagtctcggaagcc
>Human| chr1:48139514-48141013 | element 200545 | negative
ataattcttcactgcctttttagctctccaatgtcttcaaacagatgtgttttattattgttcagcttttctatagtacctaacaggagattctggtctgaattaatcagtctgccaatactagaagTCACACTGAATTATATGTAATAACAATGGTAACAAAATTAATGGCAAcagtggtgtagtggcaaatatttaaacttgtccctcaagaaatgtgtatatatgtataatatacatatatatgtttattatacattttactgatacaaagaatgtgtagcacacaatttacaaataattaaatgtacagtgtatttattttattgttgattgcatattgccaattaattcttacagaatgcttctgttgattttttttatccatagccagctaatgcttatagttgatgaatgatgtagttcttacagaaaccttggttgataattttgtttacattaacaagaaagatgaaagtatatcaacaaagatattatgtcacaatttcactcattcatcaatgatgttaacaaatttcttgctgaattgcacaatagttttgaatgctaaagagaattttttcaaatttttgtggtacagacatgacatacttttaagtttacattgcattattacattttctccaccattttcttaaatctagacattcaacaaaacagtaactcaaaccctgattggtagcctttgcaaattttgggtataattactcctatcatagctaattccaagctacgaatctgacatcactaaacagacttgagatggtatgcacagtagcatatcattatgtagtatctatctatgccacacagatacaacagctgttaagagtataaataccagtaaagtgtaaatcattagaaaatgatgagttttgaatgttaccattgtttttaatataatgcctttaattgtaagtttatatattttaagttttaataatagctggcttatacaattcctgaacatttaataatctttgttttacaagaggaaataagctgactccaacactcactTGACCACCCACTTCCgtatttcctctgtgtcagacaccatgacaaatttcatacattcattatctcatttaatcataacaactgtgcaagggaagttctgttatgctctcttttttgaaggtatatactccgagattcagaagttgaatagtttgttcaaggacacacaattcaaatccatatctgtctgactcttaaTTACCAATAATAATTATCAGGATCATCAATACCTTTTACTGAATAGTAACTGTGTAGGGCTTTACCTAGGTTAGTTCTTGTAGTCCACTTAATTCTTTCAACCACCACCTTTGTTCTCTGCAGTCAATGCAGTCAACACTTCTGGAAATAAAAAGGACATTCTCCTGCAGGAGGCAGCACTAGAAAGGTGGGGTGGGAACAAGTAGAGTGGCAGTCAGATGGCAAGGCAGGCTCAGTCTCCCTCACATGGTCTCAGCTCCT
>Human| chr7:135264765-135266264 | element 200546 | negative
TAATTGTCATATTAGTAGGGGTTTATTCTAACAGAATGAGAACCATACATGGAACACGAAGCCCAAAGAATTGTCTTTTTATGGTAAATCTAGAAAGGCTTTATTCAAGTTTACAATTTATGTCAGTTTTCTAATCCTAAAGTATCAACAGATTCTAGTATCTTATCAATCGTGTAATTCCAGAACATTTTGTTTTCACTAGTGTCATGCTGTTCCCAAGGTGTTTGCAGAAAGCTTTTTTTGTGTTAGGAGTCTTTCTTTGGCCAGTTAATTTCTATCTGTCTGTCATCTATATATCTAAATGCTGATAGCGAATTAGACTTTTACATTCCCGTACAAATTCTGTTTCTCACCTGTACGTACCCTCATCATTTATAAGTCTTATTTCACTACTTTTCTGACATAAAGTTACCCTTTAACCTTTGAAGTGGCTATGTGATAGTTAATATCttctttttttattttggagatggagtctcgttctgttgcccagactggaatgcagtggcatgatctcaggtcactgcaacctctgcctcctgggttcaagcaattctgcctcagcctccggagtacctgggactatagtcgcacgccgccacacccagctaagtttttgtattttagtagagacagggtttcaccgggttgcctaggctggtctcgaactccggagctcaggcaatctgcctgccttggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcgcgagccaccatgcccagGTGTGATAGTTAATATATTAACTATATAATATAGTTATACATAGATAGTTATTATAATATTATGTAATATGGTCACAATCTTATGCTATAATTGCCCATACCACTGCACTAGTTTTGAAAGGTTTAATAGAATATGCTATAGTTTGCTGTAGAATAATAGTAAAAATAGGTTAGGAATCACAGCCCTAGTTTCAAGTCCCAGATCTTTGGCTACTTAATCTCTTTGATTTTATATGCTCATATCCTTTTATAAGCTTTAATAGTTAGGGGtattataattagaatttttaaactataaaaatttttCTGTTAATTTGCATTTTAAAAATTGTTAGAAAAAATGACTAGCTTGTGTTATTTTGCAGAAATGGTCACTTCTTGAAATAATCCAGACAAGTTTTAACGAAGATCTCCAATTTGAAAAATTGGTTTCTGTTCTCTTCATAGACTTCTGAAACTTTTATCAAATGTTTTTATTATATTATTCTATAAAAGGCATGAAgccaggtgcagtgcctcatgcctataatcccagcattttgggaggccaaggtgggaggattgcttgagcccaggagttcatgacaaacctgggcaatgtagtgatacctcatctcttcaaaaaattaaaaattagcccagtgtggtgacatgcccttggctgtagtcccagctacgcaggaggctgaggcaggaggatcacttgagcccaggagagaggctgtagtgagctgaaattgctccactgcactccagc
>Human| chr1:213067619-213069118 | element 200547 | negative
ctagtagttgggactacaggtgcgtgccgccacgcctggctaattttttgtgtttttagtagagatggagtttcaccgtgttggccgggatggtctcgatcttctgaccttgtgatccacccacctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcatgacccaccacgcccagcaatattcactcttttgtggtgatctggagctgaacccacaatgtctctgagatatacctgCATtcccttctgcctagaatgccttcctctcctcttgtctgcttgacaagttattactcagttttttccagtatcaagtatgtcttctctggaaagccttctctaatttcctttggctgacatagactttttttgctcccacttccccaccataccttgcaattatcacacactgttatacttgtttacatgtcaaagtttccctagattggagagtcctttaagaaaaagaattacacttttcatttttgtatcATTGGTTGCTAGCATTCCCGTATTTGTTCAATAATGAATGACTTATTAATTGTTAACAACTTTAGAGAGGTACTATTATTTTTTAGGCTGTTGGGATGCTATTAAATATCATGACACTACAGTGCATTAAATTTGACAATACCAAGAAAGACTTTGAGCTGCTTTTTAAAAAAATCTTCACATAACAGTTTATAGTAACTTGATGCCCCTCTGTTTCAGCATTAATCAAGTCTGATCTGCGAAGACACAACATAAATATAGGAATTACAAATGTTGATGTTAAAGCTGTAAGTAATATTTTTATGATTATACTGTTGAGAAGTATGTATAGAATAAATGTGAAACCATATTTTTTTATTTAGCTATTTTTCTCCCGAGTCAACTGTTGATCTGTTATAATAGGATATGCCAGATGCTATACATTTTTAATCTTCTGATTGTTTTTATAGATACCAGCTGACAGTCCCACAGACCAAGAACCAAAAACGGTTATGTTGTCCAAGCAGTCAGAATCAGCAATTTGAAGAGAAAGGCAAAGTTACTGTCCTGTAGTAATTGGGGACAATGTGATCATCCTTGGAGAGAGATGTGAGCACCAAGGCTGGGTTTGTATGTGGTGGGGGAATAAACACACTTACTTGAAAATTACCATATGAACTCTAAATGCATAATTATTATTTTGCTTAATTGTTAAATTAAGGGAAATTTTCTTAAAATTCTTCTGTTTACATCATGTTAACACTACTGTTTATCTAATTAGTATCCGGTTTTTAGTCTCATATTGTATCTGAAAGTAAGCTTCTTGACGTTTACTTTTTAAAAGTCGATGTTTTTCTTTTTTGTAGAAAATGGAAGCTTAGAATACTTTTTAAAGTGATAATATGGGGTGTTCAGTCCCCATAAGATATAATAGTTCATGCAGTTTATATATTAAAGTATCCAGTGGAACTAAATGTACAATATATTCCTAATTGGCTGCCTTTTTCACTGTGCTGACCAGCTGTTCAAGCC
>Human| chr1:23830884-23832383 | element 200548 | negative
agctccccgcccggccagccgcccctactgggaagtgaggagcccctctgcccggccaccacccggtctgggaggtgtacccaacagctcattgagaacgggccatgatgacaatggcggttttgtggaatagaaagaggggaaaggtggggaaaagattgagaaatcggatggttgccgtgtctgtgtagaaagaggtagacatgggagacttttcattttgttctgtactaagaaaaattcttctgccttgtgatcctgttgatctgtgaccttacccccaaccctgtgctctctgaaacatgtgctgcgtccactcagggttaaatggattaagggcggtgcaagatgtgctttgttaaacagatgcttgaaggcagcatgctctttaagagtcatcaccactccctaatctcaagtacccagggacacaaacacttcggaaggccgcaggtcctctgcctaggaaaaccagagacctttgttcacttgtttatctgctgaccttccctccactattgtcctatgaccctgccaaatacccctctgcgagaaacacccaagaatgatcaattaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaGAAAACTACAAAAAAAGATTCTtgaactgggccttcaagaataagtaggcacccactcagctcaaatggagcacagggcatcctaggtggaaggaacagcatgtggacaggcccagaagagggaagacgtgtcgatttcaggaaatgacaaggaagcccagtgtggcaatggtgctgggaaagggtggccagggaggccacaggtaaggtagaggaagccagttggaagttgtaaatagccatttataccatgcaaaagggttagaacttcatcccgagggcagagaggagccatggatgggcattaagcaggagagtaacgcgattagaactacattttagaaagatctttctggGGatcgcttctcagccttttggctaagatcaagtgtagAAAGATCTCTCTGGGGCAGCAGAAGGCATGCAttctcaaacttcagctgcattagactcacctgggaggttcatggagcctcagaatactgagtcccgccccatgagtttcttattcagcaggtctgaggcaaggtctctttttttttttgagacggagtctcgctctgttgcccaggctggaatgcaatggcgccatctcggctcactgcaacctctgcctcctgggttaaagtgattctcctgactcagcctcctgagtagctggagttacaggcgcctgcaaccatgcccgctaatttattttatttttttagtagagacggggtttcactgtgttagccaggatgatctcaatctcctgaccttgcgatccgcccgccttggactctcgaagtgttgggattacaggcgtgagccactgcacctggcctttttttttgcagagtctcactatgtagcccaggctggagtgcagtggtgtgatctcactgcatcctctgcctcctgggt
>Human| chr20:30874025-30875524 | element 200549 | negative
CAGCAGTGCTTTCAGGAAGGGCTTGCTTGGCCTTTTGTGTGTGACATAAATTAAACAGAAACTAAAAGCTCATAGCACAATCTCTAGCAGCTTAGCAGACTACAGTAATCATTACTTTGTAACACATTTCAGAACATAAGCAAAAAATCTAGCTGGCAAATCATAAAAGATTCCATCTAGGTAAGATAAAATATCAGTTCAAGTTACCTAAAGATAACCACAAGAAGATAGTCCTTGGTGGAAGTAGTTACTGGTTTTGCAAGATCTGCAATAATAAGTTAGACTCTGGCCTAAGAAATATATGTAATGTTTTTCCTTATTCTTCAATTGTCAGCCTTTTAAAAATATATAAttttttccgattataaaaataataaacttccattgagtaaaaaaatgaggaaaatactgaacagattaaataaggctgactttaagatccaccactgagaaataactactgttaacattttactgtCCATATACAAATGTATTCCTAAATACATTTTATCTCATAGGCTTGCAGTTCTCACCTGTTtcctccattgttgttatttaggccattttcaacatttaaacattatgagtaatgcttcagagaacatcttaatgatgattattttgtgtaaacctttgtctgcactgctgatgatttctttaAACTAGGTCCTTTAATGTTAAAAATTTTAAATTACAAAGGCAACCCCCCTTAAATAATGTTTTTAACATGGCAGTGTTAACCTAAAGCTGAAAAGACAGACAGAATTACAATTTGGTTGGGGAATTTACCCATGGTGATGGTATCCTAACTCAGGTTTTAGCTTACTTGACTACTTGCAAGtatatttttagaaagttgtattcaaagcatatttcccattttctatttggaaatgtttgcttaacattatttcataaccatttttccatatttttgtacttatttatttcaatttttgtttcaTTTTAtttttgtagaaacagggtctcactatgttgctcaggctggtctcaaactcctaggctcaagcgatcctcctgccttggcctcccaaagtgctcagattacaagtgtgagccaccaggcccAATCTAttttttttatttgtttatttttgagatagggtgtcgctccgttgcccaggctggaatactgtggcatgatcatagctcaccgtaacctccagctcctgggctcaagtggtccttccacctcagcttcctaagcagccagggccacaggtgcgtgccaccacttgtggctaatttttaaatttttcatggaggcaggatctcactatgttgctcaggctggtctcaactcctggcctcaagcaatgctcctgactcagcctcccaaagtgctgagactacaagtgtgagccactacgccttgctgtgtttttgtgtttagtagttattactacatgttagtagtttagtagtaactactacactttccctggcattgagcattgaagttgtttccacctttttata
>Human| chr1:193607324-193608823 | element 200550 | negative
gcctaatttagaaagaaaataaattgactttttacagttctgaaaattgggaagtccaagttaaaggcaccagcatttggtatctgatgagggctttcttgctgtgtcctcacattgcagaagaatagaaaagcaaaaaacgccaaatgctgtgtgaagtcctttttaaaaagccttactctcctattcatgagagctctacctcctaaaggtccaacctgtttatattattatatttgtgattaaatttcaacacatgaattttggacaacattcagaacaAAATTATGTTATTTTGTATATTTTTCTGTTGAGTTGTGTGagctctttccttggttccttccaagaattttgtggtttcaggtcttacatttaaggctttaatccatttctgattaatttttgtgtatgatataagaaaagggtccagttttattcgtatgtgtgtgtatatctaatcttcccaccaccatttaataaaaagattatctttctccattgtgtattcatggtgcccttgtcaaaaattagtacaccttatatgcctgggtatatttttgggatctctactctgttctgttagtctgtgtttatttttatgccattaccatattgttttgatactatacctttgtaatgtagtttgaaattaggaagtgtattgcctctagctttgttctttctcaagattattttggttatttgaggtcttttgtgattccatgcatattttagagttattttcttttatttctgtgaaaaaatgccactagaattttgataggagttatatcaaatctgtaaatcgctttgggtagtatgggtattttaacaatattattttttcccatttatgaacagaggatatctttccatttatttgtgtcttcctcaatttctttttttgtcttttagttttcagtgcacagattttttacctctttggttaaatttatttctaagtatgctgttattttggatactgctataaataggattgttttcttaattttcagagtgttttttgttaatgtatagaaacaatactggcttttgtatgttgattgatattgtatcctgtaactttactgaagttatttgtaagtcctgatgtttttattggtggagtcttcagaattttctctctataaaatcatgttatctgcagagacaactttacttcttcctttctgattttgatgcctttcatttatttttcAtttttcattttttttattatacttgaagttctgggatatttgtgcagaacgtgcagctttgttacataggtatacatgtgtcatggtggtttactgcacccaccaacccatcatctacattaggtatttctcctaatgctatctctccccttgctcctcaccccccagcaggccctggtgtgtgatgttccccctccctgtgtccatatgttctcattgttcaactcccacttacgagtaagaacatgcagtgtttggttttctgttcctgtgtcagctt
>Human| chr11:126633093-126634592 | element 200551 | negative
ttctccctgagcaaaatgagggggctagatgagacgatttctggaacatctcccaatgtcggcgttctgtgatgtgacaattcCATGACCAGCCTCATGGCTGAGGTGCCACTTTCGATACATAAAACAAGAGTCCACATCTGTGCCAAGGGCTGGGCAGGGCAGTGCTCCTCACTTCCTCCATCTGCTCAGCACCCAACAGTGCTCTGATGCAGGGGGAGAAGAGCAGGGAGAGGGCATGAGGATGCAGTGGGTGGGAGGTGTTAAAAAGGGGACTGATGGTGGGGTCCTTCTTTTGAGAATTCTAGTCTCTCTGGGGCCACATGACACCCGAACACACAGAATCTGTGGGAACAAGTTACCCAAGAAATGTGCCCAGGCTGAGGGACCAAGGCCCAGCGAGAGTAGGTGGTAGGTAGGCAATGGCCagtggggccagcgcgggtttgaaatctatcttccccatacttgctgcatgaccttcaatgagttcccacgcttttgagcctttgttttctcacttgtgaaatggggacaatagaaacacccctctcaaacgtagggaaagcttgtccacaaagcacttgacacacagtaggcactgagtaaattctagctTCCCTGGTGTCCCCTCTCCTTTCCTACTTTGAAAACAGCAGTCTGTCTCATTAAGTATCCTACTTAGTTTTCAGTTGACATTCCCACTCTCTTACCTTCTGCCCCCTGAATTTTTCCTCTCTTTTCCTGTATCTTTTTTCCCCCACAACTCTGCATTCCCCTCCCCATCCACAGCATAGTTCTCCCATCATTCCTTCTTTGTAGAGGGCAAGGAAAGGTGGGTTATACAGATGCCCAGTGATATTTCAGAAGCTCTAATTAAGTGGAAGATTATGCATGCCATTTGAGTTTTAAAAGACATTCAGATCAGAATGAATGAAATGCTAACTTTTCCCCTGTCTAACCCACTCACCCACATACCCTGGGGCAAAATGAAACATAACTCAGTTTTTCCTGGAAAGGCATCAGACAGCAGGTCGCTCTGGTCAATGGGCCCACGGCAGCACCCACTGTCTTGGCAAATGTCCATTCTGTCAGGCGCCCTGCCTCTTGCCACCTCTTTCTTAGCTAGATACAGATGGAAAAAAAAAATGACAGCATTGGGCTGACACCTGCATCGAATGGAAGCTACACATTTCTGTCCTAGAGATAGGTGGCAGTGTGGATTCAGGGCTGTGTGGTTCAAGATCAACTTCGCAGAGAAACACCGTTTCCAGAAGCAGTGAGGATCTTTCATCATATGCGCCTCTGATGCTCAACAACCTTCTTTGCTGCACCCGCCGCTGCCTCATGAGGTTCCTGGCAGCTCTTACTGCGCCAGTAACAACTGGATCTCAATCCCCAAAACAATTCCCTGCTCATTCTATGAGTTACAGTTTAGTTAATCTTTGGTTAGCACATGCACACGTGGGCACGTGCAAACTCTCTCAGTGTAGGCTCTGA
>Human| chr1:107857915-107859414 | element 200552 | negative
cagtgactctagtaaacctcctacgggttgctctgcttctgctgcctacccccttaggatccactatccacacagaaggcaaaaagaacattgaaaatgtaaatcaaattgtggcaggcctccccttacaacacatcagttcttccatctcacatactctatttccttcaggctcatgcatgatctcctctgtgacttcttccccagcctcatccccttcacttccctctagctcattacattccaggaacaatcactttgtatcagttccgtgaaaccccaagttctacctcaacttagggcctggcatttgttactccctttgccaagaatgatctccctcccagccttgagtcccaaggtgtagtctttcttactttctgggtctcaacttatttttccttcatagaactctgtgatttccttttgcagtttatatgtaattatataattgtttacttttgtaggggctgcctttccaactaacctgtaaatgaacttagtctatatagggactcagctgtttaatttaccacactatacccagtatacagcacagtgtctgtcatatccaataactatttattgaatgaatgaatCAGTGAGTAAGTAAATAAAAGATAGGAATATAGATAAAGTACTCTTTCAGGTTCTGGAGAGCTTTCTTGGAAGCTGGAGATCAACAAAAGTTCACTTCTTTTTTCAGGAAAGCCATGAAAATTAAGATGTCATTAATAAAGAGGTGTTTCCCTAACGCCTAAGTTGTGAGTGCTTGCtttaaaaataccagttcctgtgcctgtactcagaaccaaaaatttagaatttctgaagctggagcctaggaagtaacattgcccttatgccctaggtgattccaatgcacaCCAGATGCTGTTATCATGAGAATAAAATATATTTCTAAACAAAGCAATCGGTGTTCCAGGTGCTATCTTCTACCTAGAAGTGCTGAATATGGAGACACCACCCAGATGGCCATAGGGTGGAGTGAAGCAAATATTTTCCACTAGGAATTTTATGTCAGGATGGTGAAACTCACAATTCTGAGACTTAAAATGACTAGTTTTTCTTCAGCCACCCTGTGTTGGTTTGGATGAAGTAGAAAATTCAAGATGGTGGTGGGATACAGTAAATTATTCCCAAGCCTCCTAGACTTCTCTTTCCTTCTTcatactctcctttggtgggtttgagcacatacctccaaatctgccccatgcatgaaatgtctttgtggctttgtttccctacaaatgcttgcaaattgtttttgcattttaccccataaaatatctgttttttatataaaattacattgaattatgtaccaagagatgaaactgatgctccaggaaatggcattgtgttGTTGATGACTCAGTTTACCCTCAAGGACACCTAATCCTCTCTTTAGGCGCATGAGCAACCCATTTGAGAAACAGGTGATTGTTGCCTGTATATATCTTATCTCCACACTAA
>Human| chr10:64732388-64733887 | element 200553 | negative
caggtggatcaagagacagggagaaaaaatataaacaatgaaatagacctatgagtgatacagaatcagtattatcgcatatggacttcaaaatgactggggttagtgtatactgaaggagagatcaagacggagaattttagcagagaactggaatctataaaaaatgacaaaatggaaattctataactgaaaatacagtagctgaaatttaaactcatcaggtgtcttcaaaagaaaattggacaaagatgaagaggagttaaatgagaagataggttagtagaaaatatatggaatgaagaacagaaaggaaaaaagatggaatatacagaaaagtttatgagacacttggaatagagtgaaagttgtaacatatgtgtaactaaatcctagaagatgaggagaaagagaatgaggtagaagaaacgtgagaatgaggtagaagaaaaatgtgaagaagcaagctaaggatttttcagaattgacatgacataaaaccacagattcagaaaacgctgtgaaccccaagcaggttaaatacaaacacaaacaaaaaaacccaggcaggttaaatacaagcaaaacaaacaaataaaaccttaagcatattatattaaaactgctaaaaacctaagaaaaaagaaaatctcaaaagcagccaggaaaatacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacattatttcaaaggagacaaaacattgacaactgactcctcattggaaacaaAATGAGGTTGAGGTTAGTGAAGCAGGAAGAGGCTATTCTGTAGGGCCTTATATACCATGtgtattagtctgttctcacgctgctaataaagacatacctgagactgggtaatttataaaaggaagaggtttaatggactcatagttcagcatggctggagaggtctcacaatcatggcagaaggcaaaggagaagcaaagacacttcttacatggtggcaggcaagagagcttatataggggaactcctctttataaaaccatcagatctcatgagacttactatcaagaaaatagcatgggaaagacccacccccatgattcaattacctcccatggggcccctcccataacacatgggaattatgggagctacaattcaagataaaatttggatggggacacagccaaaccacatcattccacccttggcccctcccaaatctcatgtcctcacatttcaaaactgatcatgccttcctaacagtcttccaaagtcttaattcatttcagcattaactcaaaagttcatagtttaaaatctcatctgagacaaggcaagttccttccatctatgaacctgtaaaataaaaaacaagttagttacttcctagatacaatgggggcataagcatgccccccattccaaatgggagaaattggccaaaacaaaggggctacaggcctcatgcaagtctaaagtccagtggggcagtcaaatcttaaagctccaaa
>Human| chr20:50644659-50646158 | element 200554 | negative
cctcccgggttcaagcgattctcctgcctcagcctccttgagtagctgggattaccggcacatgccaccacgctcggctaatttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttccccatgttggccaggctggtcttgaactcctgatctcagataatccacctgcctcggcctcccaaagttctgggattacaggcctgaaccaccttgccctgccagaactggatttttcattttacttaatctgcattaaaacttcaaaactgaTAAATTCACTCAGTAGTTAGAAAACATCTAATAACTTCACTCAGTAATTAGAAAACATCTAACAacttcactcagttattagaaaacttttaagtatctttagtacaactgggatataggaatctacctttgtgactgtcaactgtatgaaacctgaattcagatcaagtacttctagtgagaatttacagtctagattgaggtgtgttgttggtgtaaaatacacacgattgtgaagacttggtatgaaaagaagaatgtaaaatatttcatttacttttttttttttttgagacggagtctcgctctttcacccaggctggagtgcagtggcgggatctcggctcactgcaagctccgcctctcgggttcacgccattctcctgtctcagcctcccgagtagctgggactacaggcgcccgccaccgaacccggctaattttttgtatttttagtagagatggggtttcaccgtgttagccaggatggtcttgatctcctgacctcgtgatccgcccacctcggcctcccaaagtgctgggattacaggcttgagccaccgcgcctggcctttcatctactttttaaaaaacatttttgaaaatcattttgaaatgacaatattttggaaaaaaatagattaaataaaaataaaagatattattaaaattattttacttgGttttttcctttttatttatttatttagagacagggtctcactgcatttcataggctggcctcaaactcctgggctcaacttgtgttctcacatcaatgtcccgagtagctgggactataggtgtgtgccaccatgcctggcTTGTTGTACCTGTTTTTTCTGTGTTCTTTTTAAAAATCTTTTAAAACTGGCTATGAGAAAATTTAACACTACATATGAGTTGaatataataaaatgtattattaaataaacaaataagcaaaattaaaaatttaaaataaataaaaatgatgacaatgcaaataaatatattattaaaatcaaacaaaatgtattaaaattggccaggcacggtggcttatgcctgtaatcccagcactttgggaggctgaggcaggtggatcacctgatgtcaggagtttgagaccatcctggccaacatggtgaaaccctatctactgaaaatacaaaaattagctgggcatggtggtgcatgcctgtaatcccagctacgtgggaggctgaggcaggagaatcgcttgaacctgggagg
>Human| chr15:24640500-24641999 | element 200555 | negative
aacaggtggtttgggttacaggagtaagttttttagtggtgatttgtgagattttggtgcacccatcacccaagcagtatacactgcaccctgtttgtagtttttgatccctcacccccttcccacccttttctcctgagtccccagagtccattttgtcattcttatgcctttgcatcctcataacttagctccaacttatgagtgagatcctacaatgtttggtgttctattcctgagttacttcacttagaataataatctctaatctcatccaggttgctgcaaaagcaattaactcattcctttttatggttgagtagtagtccattacatgtatataTATATATAtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtatatatatatatgtgtacgtatatatatatgtatacgtatacatatacatatatatgtatatatatgtatatgtatacgtatatatatacatatatatgtatacgtatacgtatacgtatacatatatatgtatacgtatatgtatacgtatacatatatatgtatacgtatacatatatatacatatatatgtatacgtatacatatatatcacagtttccttatccactcattgattgatgggcatttggtttggATTACTGTAAACTTCTAATtattgtcagatgcccgtacggaacttttcagacctgtgaccactacattcatatcaagacaaccactttctaggagaactctgaattggaaaaatgttgagttcaggtgtgttggtcatgtgagacacggaggaggccactcaacagagcacatgaaataacgtaagcggtgtatttcttacaggtgaggttcacgggcaccatcgCAGGCTCTACCTGACACAGCAagtattctccagtctgcagatttctcagtcttcacttattttttgtgaacttgacttttttgaaaagtacaggtcagatattttgtaggttttcccacaatatgaatttgtctcatgatttctcacgattaaactagggACATAAATACATTAAAACCATGCATGTATGTTTGAAGACCAGAAAAATAAACATTATAGATATTAGAAATATAAAGATAGAGGTAAATATAATAAACACAAATTAGAGGATAACAAATAATTCACAGTAATAGCTACTTTCAGTGATTGAGGAAGATGGTGAAGCTCAGGAGATGCACTAAGGGCCATCAAACATATTGCTCATGTTGTTTTATAAGGTCAGCAGTGACTTTAAAGATaaagaaaccttataaatttaagaatggttttaggtttacagaacagttgtaaatgtagtacatagaatatccatatatcccacgaagtttccatttttatgaaattcttacattaatgtaggacatttgtcacaagcaatcagttttataacactataactactcttcatactttattcattttttttagtttttacttaatgtcctgtttctattccagaatctcatccaggatacctcatca
>Human| chr21:32577216-32578715 | element 200556 | negative
GTTTGCAGCCTGCTGTGCCAGACACAGATGCCATTCACCGAACATGTCCCAGTGCACCTGGCTTTTGTCCTTTCACTGCCTATATTTGAGACCAGATGCTCAATGTCTGACAGATCCAAGATTGTTGATGTCAAAGATAATAAGGCTGGAGGCGAAAGCCCAGGGAACATAAAACAGGAACTTTTTAAGTGTGCTACTTACTGCTGGAGAATCATCAAGATAAATAAACAACAACAAAATACTAATATTTAGGGTGATGTGATGAGCAAGAAAAGTTTTCCTAAGAGAGATCGAAGCTGCAAATGTTTCCCACCTACCTGGGTCCTCACTGAAATCTTTAATTAGAAGCAAAAATTTTGGTTCACCATCTGTTTCCGACTGAGGCGGAAGGGAAAGAAATGAAATTTCATGGGTTCTTAGTAACAGGAACAAATTCACTTGGAAACCTTATCATCATCATTAATAAACACTTTGTGGGCACTCCTTAATGAGACTGCCACTGAAACAGACTGTCTTCCAGAAATCAGGCCAAAACAGCAACCTCACCCAAGAAGTTCTGGTTCCTGAAACTTCAGTGTGAGAGACAGCCCACTGTCAGGCACAAATAGCCTAAGGTGGTCCTGGTGTGGACTGCGGAGAACTGCAGCATCCCCTAAATGCTACAGTACTGAAAACATTTATACAAACATGCAGAGAATGTCAAGGCACCTCACTTGAATTGTGTAATGCATTGCAGAGAACTAAAGAATGATAAATATAGCAATGGTAATAAGAATGATTCTTggctgggcatggtggctcatgcctgtaatcccatcactttgggaggccaaggtgggctagttgcttaagcccaggagtttgaccagcctgggtaacatggtgaaaccctgtctgtatcaaaaatacaaaacttagccacgcatggtggggtgagcctgtagtccctgtaggctactcaggaagttgaggcgggaggattgcttgagcctgggagggcaaggctgcagtgagctatgactacaccactgtacttcagccgggggacagagtgagaccctgtctcaaaaaaaattaataaataagtaaaaggaaaaaaaGATTATTGCCACAAACCATCATATTTTTCAAACTTCTTTAAGTTACAATAATGTCTTGATAACTTTAAAAAATAAAAATCAGCACAAGCAGCAAACATGAAAATTATAATGGTCTTACTTGTAACTTAAGAGCCCTAATTTTGGTCAGTAAATAGTTACTCTCAAAACAGGACATTGGATCAAAATATATACCAGTGTGTCTTACTATTTTGGTAAAAGTTTCTGAATTATGAGCCCTTGTTAATCACGGCTGGTCTAACATAAAAATAAAATCCTAATGAATTAATTAAATCAGATCATCAGAACGATCAAGAAGAATTTTATGCTCCTTAGATACCTGTTAGTCAATATCAAAGCAAGTCAAACAACTAACCATGTTCAGAATACATCTTTGTGCAAA
>Human| chr7:22678481-22679980 | element 200557 | negative
ttgggaggctgaggcaggggaatggcgtgaacccgggaggcggaacttgcagtgagccaagatcgcgccactgcactccagcctgggcgacagagcgagactccgtctcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTTACGGTGTTTAAGGCCTATGACCAGGTCACTACAGCGAGGGATTATCAAACTGCCACCTACACAGCAGTCTCTGCTTCATTGTCCTGGAACAATATGCTAAATTAACTTTAGACATGGGTATCTGAAAAGCATTTCACCAGGTTTCCCACAGAGCCAAGCAATCTCTGAAGGCCATTGAGAAATTGTCTAGAATCTCCACTAGTAATTAAGTATCTCCCAATCTAACGTCTCACCAGAGTTCTAGGCCTCTGTTTCCCACTCCCTACAGCTCAGCACCTACATActctatcatctcatgcggcaacactctcctccttgcacaccaagctccacttcactgtcatattttcaatgccttgaagtaactaagctctttcctgctttacttcctttatgttttccctctgcctaaaatgctGTCATTTGACTGAATAAaataaataaatgagtgaatgaataaatgtatgaatAATGCCAAATTCATTATCATTTTATCCAAACAACTCCTCTTCTGGACCTTTCCCTCCCAAGCACTCACGTCATGCTGGACTTCACTTTCTCCCTCTCCCTGGATATGTGATTAGTCACTATACACAACAGATTCTCCTATGTGAAGTTTCCCGCATGTAGCCATTCCTTTTCTTTACTACCCTAGCCTCAGCTCGTAACACTGGGTGTTTTGTGCAATAGCCTTCTAACTGAACTTTGCCAATACTTCTTTCATTTATTGTTTCACAAATTATCTCCTTTGACTCGGACCTCAtgccaggcactgaattaggtgctttggagacaatgatggataagacagatacattatctattctcccgacgttTCCCATAGCTTATGTATTTACATATTATACTACTGACAGATTAATTTTCCTCAAATGCCACAAGTTTCCACCCCTTTAAAAATCTTCTATAGCTTCTTGTTGTCTAGAGAAAATAGTTCAAAATTCTTAGTCTAATATTTTCATTCCTACAAATTCATCTTCCATTGTTCACTTGAGTGTCACCGCTATGCCAGCTATAGGTTTCCTGCTTGTAAATGTGCCATACTATCTCCTGTCTTGGTTCTTCTGCTTGAGCCAGTCCCCCTATCTAAAATGCCTTCTCCCTAACTTTTATTTAGGTCTCACTTTTTCCCCCtccagttttgttgaagtacaattgacaaataaatattttataaatttaagttgtaaacatgacattttgttatatataaacattatgaagtgattaccacaatcacactaattaacatagctacctcacatagttacctggtttttttgttgctattgccgctttttgggtttggtgatgagaacgcttaagatctactcttagcatatttcaagc
